{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 In the beginning000... scratch that... In the middle somewhere far beknownst to me, time signatures dependent, I came upon a seedy hill, from which husks are yielded... there was no pine only peel, as it was once said in some parts unhithered and aprartheid unknownst to me at the time or apparently time preciding, and in some part, future tense, still will and forever will be unbeknownst or utterwise n000 knownst to me or anywayone, otherwise speaking intutively and a litke freaky in this one.\par
\par
There I was ssupplly opposed, ooppoisition isn't the Quite Riot way to put it... Cum on feel the Noise, as it was sang sold so it's being told again.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE - AS IT WAS SONG SANG SO IT'S BEING TOLD AGAIN AND A GAIN AT A LOSS\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc My goodness, entonces, despues... So fraid a GAIN of what pupils or otherwise, WE THE PEOPLE, might be titter tatter tantruming about I suppos-ed.  In ordinary terms, the frick and frack of everyday spoillusions for disinformataglory concerns hole, or a othrwise cocoughinary of HOLY CONCERNS... we had to cross into, nape, we had to delve into.... nape, dig into... I like that... We must first dig into pro forma concerns of disgrace, or otherwise Grace disguised as behoovermente, or otherwise scrap metal, metalheads agree, shoutout to he who I met at macy's before it was Lazarus, my ol' buddy Grady Shoestring Fries with deally died taco buttered toast-es...\par
Ee that dilly dabbers of debate clauses and intermeatarary conjunctions, claus phrases continued... knows no duty to like a harry toad throned\par
hashtag HO HO HOE AT LAST HOE AT LAST \par
So as I was going, I was saying has \par
EVERONE- I WAS FO\par
Whao waho wahu, did you call me an \par
H\par
O\par
E\par
No, yes man, I am trying to get to the point of what I was saying... and I appreaciate EVERYONES enthusiam on the call and response.  Just making sure your keeping your head locked on 412.3 FM or HBO on DJ Cak 92.3 \par
Where the Heads Rock, the Knees Pop, but don't lock and drop, and 15 lovres get hashtag stonered againdid.  But OKay in the Beginning, whoops... Middle degree if you're running sandside the rutter on the front blade is cartoon o'clock 11 hashtag adios amigeos, ur hose is blown, as I was saying... now doing the panty stomp side wayys rattlesnake Sunday...  \par
And a One & uh Two & i...\par
Wide Stance, Knees Buckled, & Hips Forward, and Lean Back\par
now hit tha floor, slam the door, side to side, feel the vibe, make it glide...\par
these are the BREAKS....... \par
Mother Mary and Joesph... gasp"\par
\par
Me - As I recall or a cherry poppers dream delight day sun screen taning lotion with a Yortima purrise parade, something like that, I wanted to go with rainbow pandaray artsy festival, but my gashline totally finished my dress, if that helps you with your grass parade roots lindrome, or linderoni.  If the fantastic four come everything is going to be alright.  I'm mooving through a bedroom daytrip I took back in west...\par
Wavy Gravy Abides\par
"And there I was lovring, with my sundress hat", in a teenage boyish girl voice, it's your prick. \par
Johnny - "It was a Sunday night, down at Lovreton Park and all the boys were sweating playing Brisbaneballs and rough housing down on the park lawn,  I was like 5 or 6 teen give or take ten hundreed years.  And the Ginger snap cherry roger said hike, and we went for a walk, hashtag we were already walking" (still in the grillish bear voice, pedally and feminite like a chauvanist ate a hotdog mind you, we were in the garden it was friday night and the Fantastic Four were sleeping, back to the girl voice "Fantastic Four, we're leaving.... my mother decried or cried again rather, I got to get my hot red Brisbane Balm from the car, I replied, my mother went back to the hole where she belongs, the end", that is not how the story going, but you catch my drift, so anyway), "I cant wait to to..." ta what? Johnny replied, "to get in on this game.  I pulled my groin so freakin' hard out there last game, I was lovring like party Brisbane skittledipping on this frisk sofa riddle sink.  \par
Me Lovring - "Hey Johnny..."  \par
Johnny shot back... Hey Doll Face, 6 o'oclock Sunday on that vestibul Sun set... Eh-O 10 o'clock in his deep greaser badboy tall guy with an atitude 6 o'clock whiskers from a 7 o'clock shave in attitude, otherwise he was Coooooool... Dreamy... maybe Mascuiline... ok not in like mascuiline mascuiling, but Greek Gay really, I mean he was <yelling pandering> COME ON!, you're wearing a freaking toga on your big daybrew with a grease gun handshake, jeanshorts, freaking hot, hot... ere we go.  Meloncrusher balm... Suprise Party.... ohhhhhh So anyway, I said unto me, yawing.... It's getting late.  \par
Johnny - Yeah, so what, tell me about it, Ehhhhhh\par
WHat are you going to do tomorrow or later or whatever?\par
Johnny -  Read, Eat some Pizza, Ohhhhh\par
What are you reading for?\par
Johnny - Whata mean, what am I readin' for, so my Spegetti don't turn into a bunch of Ragu... eh-eh-eh\par
Me - Oh I know that.. I mean, I don't really like to read\par
Johnny - dats why you're so stupid.. eehhhhhhhhwwww, I mean maybe... Aintchu gonna asks (otherwise written as ax) me what I'm what b forgook I'm reading?  Hey are you tellin me you dont like mystery science theatre conceputally Rebecca, cuz if you do, I'm outta here.. Eh-000\par
Me - Johnny are you okay? \par
Johnny - sorry I almost barfed, I mean I spewed up a little, Whiskey prolly, dat or I need some Foccaica bread or some salad sunday unlimited hashtag at my dad's new restaurant Pizza Roma's.  \par
Me -Yuk you Johnny\par
Johnny -  Not Yuk me Jessica, Yuk You.  Ehhhh Forget About it.  Forgiveness and Understandin', Fogiveness and Understandin'... Eh Jermilkia, what are you pumping for? \par
Me - I hashtag repping for the whole squad.  Who do you rep for Johnny?\par
Johnny - I didn't ax you where you were repping for who knows which, and who cares about it anyway.  I mean we been friends now for how long, 3, 8, 16 lovretons Sunday o'clock hashtag wise, Fantastic.  I don't get why you got to be such a Bu, Bu, Bu, Bitch coin is doing hot this year hashtag, EVERREAL\par
Me - Ewww, did you just call me a bitch?  \par
Johnny - Ummm... yeah kind of... I mean if the shoe horn fits eh-eh-eh-eh \par
Me - Fantastic Four, gag me with a spoon.\par
Johnny - Hey get Vinny on the phone, the "cousin" or whatever. ehhhhhhh\par
ALLLLLLLLLGGGAGLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLAGAGGAGLLLLLLLL eh he'll come do it\par
Me - Don't even make that noise.  I am hashtag over it"\par
Hey Jessica, spaniels cockers come and dont come in all shapes and sizes, are you freaking kidding me?  Mines fat and kinda shaped like a jelly donut.  You wanna see it?  \par
Me -"EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW"... is there something wrong with it?  I mean hashtag, are you freking kidding me?  No, uh I mean, I don't think so, the gals aint complain I mean... EhhhhhhhhhO Jolly Rangers are sweet in the desert, there's a Jelly Donut in a tumble Tumble Weed... Ehhhhhh" \par
Derrs a Desert Rose out there somewhere that is gonna be tickled stink in pink when he/she/they find it, there out there, you just got a find it.. Theres a friggin' desert in my pants.  Ehhhhhhh\par
In Feminine parts there is but One body of Giest, the Lovre.  \par
Me - Hello there... <pausing> ummm that was weird\par
Jay - You aint seen wierd, I have been working on this problem solver pussifurr pilgrimage program for dummy and hashtage waiters for Christ or whatever.  That guy is bullhip... see The Lovre... Why would he come up here and just say that.  Is he listening to us? "They are always listening Jay, if it aint deez guys over ear, then it's dose guys over there, 130mics and 20 turn tables labratory.  Don't be leary, listen to me, I'm your bro, we're always gonna be browskis, I mean, Forgive-me-not and Understandin' is our motto.  Capeesh.  Now listen to what I'm saying to you, because the good, I mean the hashtag, meat, oh and btw, Listen to me... "I'm Listening"... I ain't no racist, I ain't no anti-semetist, I need to see an optomostrist you feel me, I can't see shit, I mean I can... Look at this asshole, Hey Asshole!!!!  I'm just playin'. You get it?  \par
Me - He's comin back... \par
Jay - So Jess I had this dream, are you kiddin me, and I was buried under a window, I was below deck somewhere ground wise, above me there was a Jet Black Puma, Panther maybe, let me ax you somethin', do Panthers have bright glowing yellow eyes? Hashtag Hepatoxic or something Eehhhhhhh get it?  \par
Me - Was it sick?\par
Jay - Nahhh, are you freakin kidding me, it was cute and cuddly, kinda but COLD... It was hashtag walking over my Grave. Like 2000 sometime, give or take 21 years.  This Black Panther, walked over my grave and there was a Shiny window separating him and I.  He just stopped and looked at me, and I was like Aaaaaaaaaeeeehhhhhhhhhhhh, with my tongue out, I was like a Shaman or something, in the ground, that Panther looked at me and I looked at it, and I knew, I was it and it was I and there was a hashtag perspeceivable Shiny window, not glass, between us.\par
Jay -  Hey side note, when someone says Hepatoxic, your supposed to say did it have edema?  hashtag get a clue, sheesh.  Look it up.\par
Me - I believe you.  Jay -  Dont say that shit, no you dont.  Your pissing me off right now, like I shouldn't get mad or whatever because your stupid or whatever, but don't fucking lie to me. \par
Me - Hey, wtf, I said I believe you, you worked in and around medicine all of your life\par
Jay - I mean, you said you believe me.  Listen to me, Gargamel... I'm telling you the truth.  This Shaman was friggin' Mon........  You know what I didn't mean to come off like that, but you lying to me about petty shit, like I dont know no better, hashtag, forgivenss and understanding... that's my point, your forgive and don't understand... then say hashtag I believe you, it's driving me crazy.  Listen, I tell you take a hike, I mean let's go for a walk and you, say, you can't because, what you can't be seen with me or something?  Gotima made me out to be crazy on a quest to belong, and I'm Gotima and Gotima is me.  It wasn't me before, is what I'm trying to tell ya.  \par
Jay - Okay, are you friggin' kiddin me?   In Lovreton, there are but two... <helling> FFFOUUUUULLLLLL, you see these guys, that guy is holding.  Down field that's a penalty.  \par
Me - This ain't Brisbaneball Moshe\par
Jay - GOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLTMI, did you see that shite?  That's football.  Socker is for the fidgets, are you friggin' kiddin me.   These guys are talented.  So, you know how the Acrobats of China spin those plates or whatever?  Like one plate spinning on a stick, topped on top of another, 3 high or more.  All spinning and ballancing from a handle single?  A Tao rod?\par
Me - What's a Tao Rod?  Like a Staff? \par
Jay - Are you freakin' kidding me?  Have you read any of these pages yet?  What's a friggin' Tao rod? Let's start over. You've seen the Acrobats spinning the plate? Sheesh\par
Me - Yes\par
Jay - Are you freakin' kidding me... what kind of stick do they use?  Like if you were gonna buy one?\par
Me -  Ohhhh a Dow rod?  \par
Jay - A meow wad <mocking>\par
Me - Why are you so angry? \par
Jay - Are you friggin kidding me, I read all these books my whole life, and you live your life.... are you friggin' Zonked?  Are you frigging hashtag KIDDING ME!  It's like a freakin curse, is what I'm telling you.  \par
Me - Me?\par
Jay - Yes you... nooooooooooo... My book is gonna be 300 pages because of you.  I'm just kiddin, and I aint mad, ever, not really, you know that.  I'm in touch with my emotions, like dad or whatever and so are you in like a different way and the same way maybe.  Jus tell me something? What's wrong with you and me?  Remember when I used to hold you down and drip spit over your face and you'd try to get away, and then the drip of spit wouldn't get you but then it did and you'd... Ewwwwwwwwwwwww... I think I'm gonna do that when we grow up if I ever catch you Zoinked.  \par
Me - I'm not Zonked...\par
Jay -  See what I mean, fuckin lyin.  I swear.  I can't even believe this.  Yotima did this.\par
Me - What? Curses? \par
Jay -  Nayeessss, sort of not, really, let me ask you, do you ever have weird dreams or see pictures in your mind you've never seen before, like maybe someone you've seen in your life, por exampla a Celebrity or Christ or A prolific writer from the 70s named Hunter, or whatever... you know we are Thompsons?\par
Me - Whoaaaaaaa... I never thought about that.  Dreams?  Sometimes, but not in a while.  I sleep pretty deep, I work a lot.\par
Jay - ZOOOOOINNNNNKKKKER\par
A random guy walks up, "What did you say to me?"\par
Jay - I said you're free throw game is trash, your defense fouls like IDF, your lay up wasnt bad, I saw that I was like, well at least his wide open lay up was good, 2 out 3 aint bad, or is... Meatloaf!\par
Bitch Fit Bob: Hey my name is Bitch Fit Bob.  \par
EVERYONE - HEY BITCH FIT BOB\par
Jay - Jess, wth, when someone says Hey my name is... we respond in Unison... hence the EVERYONE, hashtag hang me out to dry.  Hey Bitch Fit Bob, I totally saw you throw the ball at the other player.  Cold.  Fucking asshole, yeah I saw him, you were fouling the shit out of him too.  But you're a big bitch, so...\par
BITCH FIT BOB -  Did you say ya'll had Zoinks? \par
Jay - GD ZOINKERS... ok Listen to me BITCH FIT BOB, we don't do zoinkers do we Jess? \par
BITCH FIT BOB - I get so fucking mad at these little pecker heads, did you see him grab my tits in the lane?  \par
Jay - Yes of course, that's what I was saying, knock his fucking lights out.  You don't have to put up with that.  Bob, does your doctor prescribe you zonks or doodads? \par
\line BITCH FIT BOB -  Both, and something for the hashtag sleep.\par
Jay -  Hold on let me bring in the Hunter.  Hey Bob, My name is Hunter.\par
EVERYONE (ERIC & JESS) - HEY HUNTER.\par
ME - Bob, he's candy happed, sorta in his brfain noordle MD-, I mean postively, minus.\par
JAY - ARE YOU FRIGGING KIDDING ME!?\par
Hunter -  I got this, so your profile pharmalogically speaking is Zoinkers for the Bitch, Doodads for the Fit and Lemon Melon Ball Peelers for the Sun rise narsofashism or what have you?  Little plumbers cock for the nights of restlessness on account of the persisted years of anxiety and depression to so you can feel like you went to bed in the morning.  Hashesh Meshcalioon DSL (Dutch Second Language) Ludes, or Looters, people used to get ripped off on those things for hashtag bar backs and bitches the same, frantic sunrise queens, have you ever had those?  Or 15 minutes of Fame?  That's a Dyetle Method Chain hashtag Group, I mean Trip... What about biting the pain?  hashtag Death?\par
BITCH FIT BOB -  I know a little dutch, plumbers cock for sure, and yes melon ball peelers, Hashtag for sure, not during the days though because I have a summer intern ship and a strip mall.  I'm a pole salesman.\par
Jay - You sell frigging poles?  Hey Jess do you hear this guy, wtah, hashtag right, he lovres... frigging spinning plates, btw Jess, that's a DOW rod referece.  Later when I make a market reference and plates coming crashing down, what do I mean?  \par
Me - Where did Hunter go?\par
Hunter - Are you friggin'... well anyho, the elevator door is open honey and DEATH is calling. \par
Bitch Fit Bob - Okay okay... and Biting the Pain, occasionally, acutely\par
Jay -  Hey Me, Acutely is when you bite the pain dietarily not chronically.  Like you don't eat Spagettos friggin' ever, because hashtag 000, and then you're starving because your baby brother sister through you under the hashtag BRIDGE DOWN BY THE ARMAGIDEON SAVE A NOITON or whatever\par
ME - I KNOW WHAT ACUTELY IS, Ehhhhhh )( Ooooo, You're fucking stupid.\par
Bitch Fit Bob -  Whoa, someone needs some DMD therapy, hashtag, I always wondered what that meant take acutely, like medicine.  So like, DMD is for acute use and chronic is for chronic.  \par
Hunter - Exactly, sort of, DMC, has little to do with biting the pain, or otherwise undesirable temporanous or otherwise fleeting behavior.  You just met here 10 minions ago and here is the thing, you're prescribing medicine already? Now listen to MCD is for everyone, MED is for everyone, ted is for everyone, DSL is for everyone, Zoinkers for no one, unless you had a super acute trauma you feel me, and thats a slipperly smote.  She the thing is Bitch Fit Bob, is it slows or otherwise retarding the Musical Experience, in terms of limiture glyphs tallywise. \par
Me: Eric, you can't say hahtag RETARD\par
Hunter - Let's get two things straight Sister, and you're his sister right, the sister of friggin' Gotama, are you freaking kidding me... One Zoinkers and Melonballers and Death are no way to narrate the history of the work, much less live.  Point being, these 3 are a bad profile phonamological.  Secondly, to say it ain't Eric, he Gotama.  Now we're going to get into that later.  \par
BITCH TIT B+ - ARE YOU FRIGGIN' KIDDING ME... AWWWW <gasping, One giant inhale and pause> YOURE GOOOOOOOOOOTAMA?  HEY EVERYONE \par
EVERYONE - YES!!!\par
Hunter:  When Gotama signals, EVERYONE, he seeks for you to respond orderly and justright or otherwise fort naught by the way the window rises AT ONE TIME!!!!! Really draw slowly on the inhale and hold it, syllabus wise, fucking Weeeeetarded on the other ones on account of the Elders and the well you know... STOP THAT STOP THAT, now before you draw again, hold.\par
Me: Eric I fucking hate you right now, I'm sorry Bob, he's my brother and he's a piece of shit.\par
Hunter: Now wait just a minute now, now you're a lady and I'm gonna be patient with you on account of well, sometimes in a Womans life she can..... \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 BITCH FIT BOB: Hunter, I'm mean Gotama, I am SO Sorry to interupt you, but may I go get a few of my friends.  I can't believe this.  You are his sister, you don't even know who Gotama is.  He's not you're brother he's EVERYONE.  If you understood that you would know when he says Wetarded or whatever, what he really means is, we are all members of One body through Gotama our Lord Jesus Christ, Amen.  OMGOMG I CAN FEEL IT..... The hashtag Tao was speaking through we.  As it is written so it is bluuuuuud000\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE IN UNISON WE SLOWLY-  AS IT IS WRITTEN SO IT IS BLUUUUUUUD <WRETCH> \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Hunter:  Finally, wow... Now you see that Sister... Bitch Fit Bob is in and unalienatable on account that he's windowing through Gotama to get to Hasheshtag Gotama.  Now aint that something.  And hashtag we slowly, is 3 syllabuses and comes off the tongue like cheese in a dry mouth.  WETARD, when you think about it, is telling us to Go Slow and remember that we are all handicap, or most anyway, all... for all intents and purposes, I'll explain that more a little later.  It's Philosphical indifference otherwozen, a swing and a miss a bat.  For breivty and remind us to slow down with one another, take your time, wait a minute, \par
BITCH FIT BOB: Each will come into their own understanding in time. Gotama taught me that. \par
Gotama:  Confusious teaches us many things and goes out like rainbow shark tank in midnight clear, it is from the dawn of the ages that I rise again in fulfillment of the Holy and Anointed book of Ezekiel 13:9-14:19  \par
In the end we are many things, this is not Gotama.  \par
BITCH FIT BOB:  I am he who unburdens and burdens.  Christens and Unchristens, That Grows and Uncircumsizes you, I am the tonsurer, I am the ruby gemblossem flower queen of the boondocks hashtag muther truckin Saints, Monster Truck, Daily Slam, Fiber with no hull, the unlead and the alchemical leader of the Golden Dawn of the hashtag Saints of Freedom Power Bull Dog, Piper that pips at the Gates of Dawn from the hashtag oversta.....\par
<BOB FALLS TO HIS KNEES, CLUTCHING HIS CHEST>\par
ME: Holy shit I think he's having a heart attack... Call a bambalance.\par
Jay:  Here I'll check on him.  <nudging bob, hey buddy, cut the side show parlor trip.  He's a gooberment representive, or some side stage husler becoming the Anti-Christ... idgets>\par
HUNTER:  Ha, bambalance you know that's from the 70s.  Ahhh he'll be okay, watch, get up \par
BITCH FIT BOB.  You know Bob, when I think about how much I miss Saturday Night Living, I think about hashtag film club in the Garden where the projections becoming isolations becoming imaginarium inside outside delusion fake quake fest holiday... hashtag Weeeee showed it to you, you posted it and you are the False Prophet. \par
HUNTER:  Well a couple of things, I am here to explain to you the details on account of my venaciular being regional and otherwozen, I've been blesed with the same curse as Gotama done unto, hashtag Timothy Leary, does unto Eric Stephan Jackson Curry Bledsoe Cooter Smith Musical trials at least or what ever stipulatory gratis ay non-gratis romance novels are selling, and there's some pretty nice onces.  You ever see Dixie?  Well unbeknownst to you, and I can't believe I have to tell you this, as Eric says, you're contuinity of Intelligence gathering and execution of performance is performance non-gratis, is his way to say it, another way to say it is, when you eat grass it comes out your ass, when you smoke it goes in your or through your mouth, anywho, the point is, when you get home and crack open your lemon mellon ball, roll you a big ol stubbie of heinz ketchup and tie a litte string around it, cylandar shape, and pull up your nuttin wrong with mellon ball peelers mind you, and shove that hashtag, Gooberment Wardons Einzeh Mindzzzzz, Zoink, Zoink...  jellsit's the horse shit coming out your mouth.  \par
HUNTER:  This is what I can't stand about you people, \par
BITCH FIT BOB:  gotcha....\par
BITCH FIT BOB:  I'm not from the Government, I'm not from the Government.... Okay I got you... I'm Roberto Alexander Houston Wilson hashtag bessy guesses couter cousin, Charlamain\par
Gotama windowing Houston Wilson gatherer, you hook but you do not catch.  You know but you cannot say.  You say but you cannot taste.  Fast you or you will Meet Death, in your way.  Your cholestorol... You run and you will fall, your heart will explode since it is your Karmatic destiny.  You play but you do not suffer, not as the others.  Go in shame as you or don't it is up to you.  In the beginning there was but One Horse, the Horse with no name, I give unto Grace, but you will not eat.  You're poison to those who would otherwise, admire you as you admire them, but you are halted in haste, pride and jealousy have become your badges of certainty, hate displacing love becomes the death that surrounds you.  In and of you there are those who both admire you and hate you. Your life with them, is a mystery unto myself, in as much that I know and I care not, and it shall remain so.  As you traverse look at all of them and understand each of them and go with those who admire you.  Those who hate you lever you into haste and lust and ignorance and this leaving Grace aside.  It is not a molt it is an Everlasting Suffering which binds you to Eternity for becoming as your free will and that of your incorporeal klansmen seek to be.  This is not in or of me.  I am not in and of you, but I fret not because of this.  I lovre you, in deed and in duty.  Duty is the state which binds us in and of between.  I am what or who as you call it, what I think I am, I am what I mean.  Don't be `like a stubborn child, as misfortune prevails you, it shall be systemic.  You will notice not and then you will know.  It will rush upon you as the Coldest of winters in the early spring time or darkest of winter mornings.  It is your choice.  This is my gift I giveth unto you.  Redeem yourselves hashtag unclean spirits.  All that are you are, is what we are.  We come from One Spirit that I poured upon this World.  You know, but you do not know.  You hear, but they do not listen.  Purse snatchers and swindlers, hierarchy removal substrate overloading by a....\par
zzzzBitch Fit Bob presuming: interupptus in a Saint Louis, Mississippi, not a bad impression of Robert Antonio Wilson 1Jacks Best Friend (North East Caronlinashhole) Accent:  sWhell ya know, Eric, look at me, it's Larry Curly and I'm in Mustard Jack Ham Pepper with Jezelbelnik liver and onion worse on the side, hashbround side accents Generally speaking or otherwise Utah, Massedonia Accente Bravo: if my sister treated me the way you didn't I'd otherwozen have to filter file your hashtag nose down with a tornado saw then to have to listen to her.  You are both Grub idiots.  In-bred fog hots brownsworse with penelopie fries and Abraham otherwozen on the amrabrambler tracks repeating, side shuffle hell scale, bonefide huslter two face pimp scalywag, nimbo by any other sausage, on the side huster shell game, where's the queen b,b,biiiiitch?  \par
RAW to Gortima windowing: Tell this guy hashtag Jackass to get on down the track before you see how his corrodid artery is bleeting, bulging on his left side. wait for him to turn his head and then ball it palm wise, like the bag.  \par
Moshai to Gotama: Is this the way Gotama?\par
Gotama to Gotama: If there is One then there is many.  If you seek to destroy him, tell him how you really feel.  He has been listening to you for some time.  And stop calling yourself Moshai, Gotama. \par
Moshai to RAW and Hunter:  Why do ya'll call me Moshai?  \par
RAW to Gotama:  If you Love him, maybe you will change the Vessle and it's Crew.  It's up to you, the corrodid will not constrain the force.  If you do not seek to Love him...\par
Gotama: Lovre him if you dare, whistle and the boys from track will come and fight him for you.  We are with him.  But instead... \par
Gotama to Gotama:  I already know what you're gonna ask me Moshe, I mean Gotama.  You are becoming Gotama, as I too once became Gotama, as once became Phillip Rivers becoming Gotama in 82-86 for 3 years until he hashtag failed in completion of his work due to complications related to his back injuries and became...\par
Moshe to RAW:  Dag nabbit RAW, Quit mask mimicking.... Why are you trying to confuse me?\par
Moshe, the thing about Confusionism I've taught you would say to... knock this Hoeheimer out.\par
ENOOOOOUUUGGGHHHH!!!!!! Said the real GOTAMA to Moshe. Moshe what did I tell you yither year last tithle?  You said, I was Gotama as you were Gotama, there is but One Gotama, that was you and it is now US.  You can call yourself as you please are you kidding me... Hey Timmy here Chiming in, I know this is alot for you to take in and consider, but what we are doing you is demonstrating, hashtag get it?  The interplay as it pertains to anoxious outlyers who may be of the Scalar possible, plausible, all... I mean it's a lottery on your.... This is for Yot seeking Todem poles apparently, apartheid wise, it's fire in the breath of an oxygen rich vast deluxe super rich decream, globalized sanitation system...... unbeknownst or yet to be completely realized hyper... Moshe, hit the guy or tell him you're sorry for telling him sucks at basketball.  Who are you right now?  \par
But does he work for the Government and, or the Lovrement?\par
Okay, now I'm getting mad, stop saying Lovre, it's a hashtag test.\par
So... Hey Paul Barrier to deluxe lush green garden all over planet earth because you hashtag ARE HOLDING US UP!!!! Moshe said unto himself to Paul Barrier.  \par
Holy Smotes what are we doing... we lost him... Moshe... Loook at me, we are in a time crunch delimia we need to hashtag write the script for the big performance.  Make a decision. \par
Can we reason it?\par
EVERYONE - Ay! \par
Okay, it's y'all huh?\par
Jay:  Hey Bob, you want to buuuy some hashtag.....\par
<Big Bob Squarepunch hitting Moshima upper face hashtag right area>\par
Jess:  Holy shit, are you Okay?\par
<kids shouting, hey, did you see that guy? HEY, the KIDS proceeded to run to Moshe's aide and pummelled Big Bob, as Moshe seeks to call him after his change of heart, what Soto My Or calls once set karma for Grave Robbery, a Gravity Stone by any other name.>  \par
Hunter: Hey hey... he's already dying let him corpse if he seeks to.  You kids need get on out of here and don't be hanging bricks neither.  Now while everyone appreciates your Heroic deed, coming to aide and what a heroic bunch you fellows may well be.  Now when you get a man justly positioned as such, don't pile on, kicking a man when he's down even if you think you've witnessed a severe violation and you did. And you responded with action and thats Grace. He's knocked out.  Now you run on home and tell your parents what you just did and saw.  \par
Hey mister this guy touched my sister at the park some while ago.  Did you see him? \par
Yeah we saw him.  Is any one of you 18, without warrants etc?  \par
Yeah we are, they are 17, 14, 12, 9.  \par
Who friggin' rocked this guy, are you kidding me?  What are you kinda like a bad kid or raised by ninjas or something, that was incredible.  Like David with the Sling. That was like six seven, thirty foot away, are you kiddin?  Are you two brothers?   000\par
Ok you two stay here since you're 18... and the rest of you Fantastic Fours I just don't want your parents to be uninvolved as it were.  Just get them up here.  And somebody call the police.  Holy snikies.  Did you see that?\par
Jess:  Yes, are you kidding me?  Does he work for the Goverment?\par
I've never had one swing on me like that.  Wow.  \par
Ali Mike Tyson Punchout, Vveilder of Stones: Our parents are right over there, they saw what happened and the cops are coming this way.  They were going to call earlier, but I threw the ball at him.  Am I going to jail?\par
The Hero never frets young man, know that, it's not true, but know it in your heart that when you act right it'll be right.  You were just in your actions.  Now pay attention boys, this is how you triage blunt for trauma, if you ever come upon it.  <checking for a pulse>... I feel a little something there, yeah we'll be in and out in a jiffy, he's going to jail.  Is your Dad here by chance?  \par
My Dad is dead. Our Dad.  \par
Well that explains it.  Carriers.  Okay, now let's check pupils for dialation. This is just general triage stuff here.  Heart rate resting is 72.  Btw, when checking a pulse... Pulse value / 4 in 15 secconds is... so that's one mississppi to 15 mississppi... whats that 3, 4, 5, 8... 18-19 or so... giver take a 3 somewhere.  Thats how it works.  Anyone got a pocket flashlight.\par
<handing over the phone with flashlight lit>\par
Now I'm going to pull back his eye lid, to look at the pupil, that's the little black spot in the middle, and when I do, I'm going to hit it with the light and see if it moves.  If it moves we are in good shape, if it doesnt move, well this guy might be Grace Kellying in about 2-3 weeks.  Aww you know, bockers get their bell rung every now and again.  Set it take video would ya?  \par
It's recording.... ahhh hey... what's your name.\par
My name is Throatama but you can call me Moshe for short. Now alls fair in love and a 1 & a 2... <lifting eye lids, flashing light>\par
Oh boy, I think he might be... tell them to send an ambulance.  Yeah he's spaced out of his rocking ghourd on that one.  We need to check his breathing.  Compact Mirror? Scapel? Anyone got a ball point number 9-5 ransom note pen? \par
Hold this phone for me.  Now you see how when I hold this mirror up to his mouth it doesnt fog, but if you check his nostrils... Welp would you look at that, his mouth is agape and he's breathing clear out through his nostirls.  A tonselectomy maybe.  Let's see... Now going in the mouth is a dangerous endevor but we must be sure he doesnt have anything lodged.  Give me that ball point.... You see how I'm using it to open his lower jaw... \par
HOLY MOLY, HE'S GOT A WAD, OF BIG RED LODGED RIGHT BACK... COME AND LOOK AT THIS THING, WOW... see that he's... okay we got to get that gum out... upppp no tonsiles... thought so... okay Spider Forceps?  \par
I need something to remove the gum.  I dont have spider forcepts.  \par
Okay let me think here... We could punch it out, hit him in the bread box, but you don't want to do that to someone in this situation.  Himelich... so... here goes nothing.  \par
Gotama takes the ball point pen strips out the inside and pushes it all the way back, gently into the gum sealing one end of the chamber, then puts his mouth on the open chamber and sucks two swigs... and then rears back his head and as he does\par
<GGAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP> \par
Big Bobby Thompson arriving on the scene.  Do you know who he is?  Heading off the local Police repsonders approaching from a distance.  Big Bob has hashtag come back to life and he is trying to strangle Moshe.  I mean Throatama.\par
Moshe in his free hand picks up the Gravity stone and donk.  Grapes to Wavy Gravy, the Gravity Stone has put him back into a state of utter dormancy.  \par
Now boys... you saw what happened here.  Yeah he attacked me, people that are dying will do that when you try to save their life.  They will freak out like you just saw.  He's concussed.  \par
You hit him on the neck?  \par
Yeah something like that, now generally speaking, in the manners and ways of Justice as a first responder, I do not condone this sort of torement.  We got him out here on his back.\par
You just saved his life.\par
Yeah, I suppose so, and listen he will be fine.  He's breathing hard.  Let's check the pulse again.  192.  Oh hashtag..  Ok, this dude is crashing.  \par
You didnt even wait 15 seconds... \par
Good eye, champ, are you kidding me with this kid?  Do you hear this, 17 years old.  He is paying attention.  Yes sir... you have to wait 15 seconds... except I did a rough guess... feel this... HEY!! \par
Ok, now, I've been through this kind of thing, his blood pressure is through the rough and he could be at risk for heart related malformaties.  In the beginning.... Okay, \par
Chest Compressions?  \par
Is this kid great?  Not yet little man, too soon to tell.  Let's check for I want to rotate him in case he vomits.  1960bpm WOW... that's bad.  How many is that.  \par
16... \par
Pretty close. Okay now... the Human heart can only withstand, hundreds not thousands.  \par
Ambulance arriving on the scene:  Is he dead?  \par
Nah far from it, pulse is 140 or so, he's got blood clots or seomething.  Blunt force trauma to the head jawline area, he was chewing a huge wad of gum at the time and just huuuuuua.  \par
He was like that for a 2-3 minutes maybe 7... more than a 10 count, his pupils werent responding, I pulled the bic pen and sucked the gum out, then he came too and grappled with me, as they sometimes do...\par
EMTs agreeing... \par
And well I pressed down on his chin with another hashtag rock.  Then his bpm shot up from 70-142.  \par
Yeah he'll be fine.  I was just showing the kids how to triage.  Okay lets get him on a cart.  Yeah his vitals are okay.  Is he on any medications that you know of?\par
Well he came up here talking about Zoomies Random X and some kind of Zooloo firecracker... Hey do ya'll have salts?  \par
Yeah that's what we were thinking.  \line Hey kids, come over here and watch this.  Keep a distance but watch.  So they are about to giving him smelling salts, citrobipo detla propaline, or something... have you ever smelled one of these?  \par
As soon as they did, he took a big inhale gasp and started trying to attack the hashtag EMT.  \par
I tell you what, you see that?  \par
Sir sir sir... we are hear to help you.  Gasping...\par
You see that... kids... animals... beasts... Hey this kid totally saved that dudes life...\par
No I didn't\par
I mean, you didn't but you did... I was all screwy on that Pulse.  the whole 15 seconds thing... And the ball point pen we'll explain how I intended to use that when you're a little bit older.  Hell if it hadn't been for this kid, he was cold blue.  You should go to med school and be a doctor one day kid.  Brave and you got a good attention span, ethical too.  See....\par
 \par
<to be continued...>\par
Gortima to Gortima... Go ask talk with their parents and see if those kids need a tutor or a pastor advisor or what have you.  \par
Moshe:  Hey Parents... so anyway, can I get a hashtag copy of those videos?  Did you see the arm on that kid?  That kid is going to rule at the carnival.  Wow.  About 10-12 feet.  Sandstone or something like that, hey I'm Moshe, Eric, a Gotama by every other name, or any other name whatever your preference.  I appreciate all the reports you gave to the Police Enforcement Department, and boy are they swell, the locals.  It's nice to know, see, witness good merit and action, good sportsmenship at that.  Awww come on, oh do ya'll have testimony of him fouling?  130 mics... >18 that's about how many devices, people are out here.  Bearing witness is the tribute to Elder times past and forelorned days to come, as you will may subscribe to my GenTechX forum of unity of prosperity... here is one for you... and one for you <handing out hand written note cards with little thank he had prepared for each of the teacher student exchange which will unlikely, but likely occur>  \par
When did you write these? \par
Well I didn't they kind of wrote themselves.  Did you see that Gravity Stone? \par
I KNOWWWW WOW..... the way he looked down it right as it... sand stone... kids got a lucky trick shot... It looks like he's fa   \par
We saw the videos of you saving that mans life.  \par
Me, that kid... He's a hashtag genius.  Wait, listen to me.. because this is the kind of teacher I am... Adults, Parents.. which of you can Vveld the Gravity Stone the best?  \par
I got a pretty good arm.  SHeryl Crow type, if it makes you happy\par
Let me see it... Here's the stone he used... I'm gonna walk it of 10 paces counting... now, get a picture of this... \par
Ok... 1... 2... 345678.....10\par
Does that look about right? \par
All who are upon us appeared confused and frightened.  Frightened of a Stooooooooonnnne. Go ahead, throw at me... \par
Ok wait... throw it as hard as you can.  And I mean that.  If you let me down shame on you, do not lob it... I want you to throw wildly... right at me <clapping> do it.  \par
You're crazy.  \par
Do you think you can hit me from there? \par
Yes probably...\par
Okay... if you hold back it wont work... but if you let er rip... I'm telling you do it..   \par
OOooookay...\par
And like a winder side ways, she threw that sand stone like a soft ball, under handed fast pitch.  \par
OOoooooffft.... 40-50 mile an hour, college co-ed fast pitch... \par
Hunter:  WHOOOOOOAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaa, I know who taught him out to pitch.  wow. <ducking at the last second to avoid the strike>\par
I didn't expect that. \par
Oh yeah, why not?  \par
Yeah I guess you got a point here.  You did a good job raising him.  Addressing everybody... kids did good today ya'll.  Oh Bob should be back here in a dash.  There going to process him or whatever, hashtag smaper smurk.  The thing about Oarps-a-chord is, in the thing is and of the thing be the thing.  I can't believe none of them retreated on the account of the Horse play on the court.  Bob kept revving it up, and pushing those kids to see if they would, but I can't believe it.  Gotama says, Dog Hunts.  \par
Everyone smiling with relief.  \par
Oh here comes Bob.. \par
Dag nabbit, in sunshine Romance there are but two Principles.... The Principle and the Vice, I'm the Vice.  \par
Hey Bob\par
Hey Charlie Sunrise rose (low scruffy depleted)... Did y'all tell the boys yet?  I keep tellin' em this is how you test boys all summer.  You see him throw that ball at me.  Kids got heart and a damn good mother.  \par
Hey is that Uncle Charlie?  Kid shouting from a distance?\par
Dag nabbit Randy... don't give up the.... You're 18 Randy... I'm 13 Uncle Rick... You're 18 in you're innocent heart at least.  I heard you went double agent with the little one.  \par
Uncle Charlie... he was scared... he was going to report because he saw you hugging Sandy by the Slide.  \par
She was hugging me.  \par
Opps... she's like me and your Grandmaw... She'd always say "I could give a damn... I don't do directives"... You're Grandmama is the best.\par
Mortima - If in the front then if so in the back, if not the front then not in the back, in the business side you will find gravy in the busquik side you'll find wavy.  As it is written so it is bought and sold.  I aint doin it, I aint doin it, I aint.  \par
That's your Grandmaw.      \par
Listen to me, that's why we do dis Randy... You see your sister Sandy toldily blew the thing from the jump, because it was already blown unbeknownst to me, do you see what I'm teaching you here?  The little One, whose names I shall exclude because I'm writing a novel,  was attempting to report.  Let em go to the Parents.  Bring him up here debrief with kids.  Tell him he did a good job, the Little One.  Be honest and don't hold back, speak clearly, short sentences understand me?  \par
I understand\par
Bring all the kids up here.  \par
Hey, come here you... you're a good boy... <shaking him lightly loosening his tension> \par
How come you so nervous for?  \par
Breathe... it's just for fun.  \par
Where where? <Hunter swatting frenzied> Boba feta and queso freenzy... Yeah some people call me Uncle Charlie... Wooof woof... \par
In the Beginning... Go get your brothers for Uncle Charlie. \par
Awww don't worry about him, he's got a case of the hornets again, stocking fever... hey kids come and look at this.  Hurry...\par
Kids approaching?  IS THAT BOB?  \par
Boba... Shut up and come look at here... hurry...  \par
Randy explaining, it's my Uncle Bob, just listen to them and I'll explain it later. It's a recruiting process for... Just pay attention.  This is that \par
Sheewww, sheeww... <Hunter swatting freenzied as he alone is being attacked by a nest of hornets, a hornets nest had become preturbed as it will as a result of Hunter flirtin' with your mother.  Kids do you see this? Gotama systemically designing swatting patterns to teach his understudy how to evade being stung.  \par
Hunter excluding... I think I got it... owww...weeewwweee, its like a wave, you've got these compound culets... see they fly like zzzzzzzzz... and xo patterns.. like a hornet.  wavy.  so you got to be wavy tooo well I heaved that rock over there... Sssssssss \par
Randy... did they just come at you?  \par
Hunter- Did what come up with who?  Ohhhh yeah <swriving and bobing up and down side to side, otherwise Gyrating with interweaving hand gestures> Yeah I can fffffffttttthumpft chpowwwwwwww. You see it overthere on the ground?\par
Randy Yeah?  \par
Bobbabanbangbluemoon.... we sawr it on the way in.   Hey who sees the nest? Anybody spotting for hornets nest on the way in?  Anybody?\par
6 year old, it's over there.  <Everyone turning their head to look.  Continuing to evade and swat> \par
No body helped you with that?  When did you first see it?\par
Bashfully repling... when we were walking up.. \par
Boba Fett replying... You watched him knock it down. Paying attention... high five.\par
<5 five>\par
 Hey Go get Johnny Bravo. Bobby... \par
Ok... Mortima, <that's Sandy... she talks like Uncle Bob, but a little girl version. Slow and quite and spoooky.  11-10 something like that so Uncle Randy talks like her to reinforce it>.   \par
hashtag Mortima isn't Uncle Randy, it's Sandy. Uncle Randy ain't Uncle Randy too, that's Uncle Charlie, going all the way back, but I digress.\par
In the beginning there were two types of Beings, hashtag The Guardians and The Angels we are both of those things.  In the lovrement, there are 13 rashes that biological women carry, is it a priorty in your lifetime to contract few, some all of dees rashes?\par
Johnny Bravo 5 - Are you asking me if I like girls?  Well yeah.\par
Then what are you doing sitting over here on the park bench alone? (Bobo talking in his screechy underbrush Mortima voice)\par
Moshe:  Hey Johnny, I was like you when I was growing up.  You're a data scientist wizard right? You're self study? I was like that until now.  Focus on it if you're into it.  You lovre it?\par
Johnny Bravo 5: What do you mean, like do I like to do the functional lever love or what ever? \par
Hunter:  Hey that's pretty good, ya know I might use that a lever lover or whatever.  Hey good pitch on the mound today buddy, sorry that if we jolted you... what I'm trying to say, is do you understand what is happening right now? By that I mean... you knew about the op ahead of time?\par
Johnny Bravo 6: Uh... yeah... One question, what the hell are you running stunt ops for prologue in the stunt taco on the window shell door frame hammerhead shark in the top right tree on the way in the park.\par
Hunter: Holy Shit... you went over here to camp so you'd have more detail in the time you have alloted?  Are you friggin kidding me.  Hey kid, 5 five.  Stand up.  \par
Boba Fett:  I like a kid who walks with his head up. What else did you see?\par
Johnny Bravo 6:  Shark taco 11 o'clock about 11 meters up tictok wise.\par
9 to Bravo: 30 minutes into the sunrise there was a 15 minute gap where there were no people.  You cleared the the adjacent windows, in and through the canyon, and posted your support and then you walk up.  \par
Hunter:  How did you pick the spot?\par
Johnny Bravo: Lovreton City National Championship Quarter Finals\par
Hunter: Throwing arc... so do you want join our Academy of Fine Arts, Architects and Fine Authors?\par
Johnny Bravo: Overwhelmingly yes... but no.  \par
Hunter: No? Wow, didn't expect that, lovreton ouch.  So then what kinda reservations don't you want us to make for you when might or might not go?\par
Johnny: Might not, full disclosure... I want a Ranch and a good view of the sky.  What is this? \par
Hunter:  And....\par
Johnny: Okay, yes I knew... sort of.\par
Hunter: and you found out how? \par
Johnny: It looks like what y'all are doing is messing with local police parties and simulating ops in a Tax Payer Funded Otherwise Zone of Protection, at least from fodder, and risk... How do you measure this?\par
Hunter: Wait you knew? Kinda of fail, Kinda awesome.  Did you see the trajectory on that arc.  Bassing would have had a field day.\par
Bob: You know if you had walked up and called bullshit on us right there when we were playing doctor, or hashtag Stranger Danger, you'd be in a better company of strangers, you're in good company and you know that... but you might feel better about it, just sayin'.\par
9 to Bravo:  Tell them you love them and you were just.... Eeeehehhhhhhehehehehhheheh\par
Hunter: Hey how many tics is 33 flimflams?\par
Bravo: Listen to me, BravoX Lovres you unconditionally, Love... we'll think it over and get back to you eehhhhhhh\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr Everyone - Ehehehhhhehhehh\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
In the beginning there were but two Principapalities, the Present and the Particple, the Part is not the Whole, it is of the Whole at least.  In the Green Inning, there was permafrost and beyond that 30 billion years before give or take 10 billion years depending on how you interpret backgraoud rumenation data.  In forest town there is bounty.  Over this vast Pantaray, this aint just any run of the mill ordinary Sting Ray, this is in and of through Consciouss persisting Everlastingly.  What you see before you, is God.  What you see beneth you is God, An Architecture that which Consciousness Becometh again.  In Window there is but One fort, the fort of the cloaked heart.  To be with contrition is to Be, eternally.  A Barrier unbeknownst to you, because you can't see the....\par
In the beggingin there was 73 God Like Force Fields inbetween the Lovrement and the Mmueow OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmm\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE - OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMM<nudging Paradox Phraser><Jordan Chiming In Dyer Doncha KNow>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMmmmmmmmmmmm \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Huneth Carol Forestwagner and maybe a Chevy Chevelle.  I ned to program....\par
You know about typing right Wagner? \par
Hunter: Uh yeah... I'll have you know I'm pretty advanced in the ways of typography and lithography as a service, more gax machine than coupler modem or what have you.  You ever made one of those?  \par
Johnny Five: Digital to Analog, rescaled to audible with handshaking protocols and init, connect, hangup, ESL errrmmm EMT... Tip Ring or whatever... EMR... what is it.. EMP?\par
Juniper Sunrise (also Moritmer, anchient Bohemerison Go Dresser, Dresser of Games pulling up. (: In the Sun rise you can see the magi's of the lost star peering from beneath the horse in the sky, in Loverton there is but two principles, never leave home without a compass, and always tie your Horse, Gotama taught me that)\par
Huniper Continuing: Johnny are you excited?\par
Johnny Starlight:  If a continum ceases to be, then does it continuity?\par
Hunter tapping his chin: Hmmmm.. if a consortium sees it to be, I suppose\par
Bob: otherwise, it depends on your definition of ceases to be, if it is intermittently incontinioutious then otherwise, contigious, or hashtag out of line, or perforated like that of background rational por isla um table es portamenta extravengnza...\par
Johnny:  Wait did ya'll tell the Cops it was a Gag?\par
Bob:  It's zone restricted with a hashtag, there's a VIP in the zone, cover the zone, and no firearms in the God Damn Park.  \par
Johnny:  So the data is skewed>=\par
Hunter:  How many mics do you think were out there today?\par
8 to Bravo: Say 8 to 120 million lovertons, give or take a million and 10. echo tango bravo delta bravo out\par
Bravo:  8 out, 3 in a decade, 45 10 26 14 11 8 7 10, do you want them by quadarant?\par
Delta Bravo:  What did you just do?\par
Bravo to Delta, my hashtag numbers are right\par
Hunter: Oh yeah checks out... I mean uh... time dependent, but sure.. So are you good Bravo?\par
Johnny: Yeah, Ranch maybe next time, closed perimeter gating, get a decent read on Policy Enforcement.  Ehhhhh-000\par
Delta Bravo: Back on track, Good work Bravo\par
You know I'm just yankin your chain, Dad, I mean Delta Bravo, told me to give ya hell.\par
Hunter to Delta Bravo:  Dont you tell him.  \par
Johnny:  Hey I heard that... Whaaa... \par
Just a little cascade manufactured windows through the Vvonderment.  You want to learn how to frizzle fry?  Hashtag Manufactured my arse, arising from in of the Gotama, the Godhead that sits at the right...\par
There are two things about, well 3 things really, 4 maybe depending on how you cut it, mustard that is... This is our \par
In the Lovrement there are but 17 Gortimas I am but 1 of 19 of those Gortimas\par
Do you want to meet your A team? \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr Are they Here?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc This is Night Terror\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Why do they call you Night terrors?  \par
Hey Mortima, can you explain this to me.\par
I'm not Mortima, I'm Gortima (Sweet Old Granny Voice).... \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr Okay well uh Gortima... punch, if the hap...\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Aeeeeee <scrowling> I ask the questions around here... Do you remember when we last came and visited to in the December of 9th of 11teen september 1775 or 3 I can't remember... I mean I can, but I wont....\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr  No...\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Okay... you know how to get your mindle picture viewer empty do ya? Now just hold a second here... Look through your window.  I'm going to flash something to you, tell me if you've ever seen this before? \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr I can't see anything\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Imagine a photo graph in your mind, something you've seen many a dozen or more times.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr Okay... <<sob>>\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Wait wait, now hold on a minute... It's real but that's delta 9 on the battlefield.  Now when you were just a baby boy holding your mom's arm on a pillow sheet about half 9:30 o'clock 12 9 hundred moondays ago mind you, at least... as a month of Sundays go by, pull up your window.\par
Now do you see this?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr Is that Delta 9 when he was a infant?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Well that's between you and Delta 9 to discuss.  One more and then I'll debrief... Sorry Charlie echo tango 9er 5 can we queue to balloons hashtag, because well Mortima's at it again.  Go ahead and rop the pedals from trees.  Close your eyes and window.  What do you see?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr I can't see it...\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Look up look up, where your window is above your eyes, just the same. And hold there.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr It's moving lines, a Cartoon Carnival... IS THIS CIRCUS ARCADE?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 You Aleph Bet your arse, hashtag Alpaca Charles Brown the 18th or in Lovre years 7 or 17, I can't understand... Okay....  Now what was different between those experiences?  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr The picture I imagined became the window into their memories and thus Souls\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Okay, now that first picture... you saw that when you were a Child?  Someone was supposed to be holding and slipped off their guard?  Fraid not... Now you're Grandpappy was in that battle and I know it's yicky, i know it must of made you pretty confused, and expotentially more confusing... wait, what was the first window you pulled up?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr In the begiggling... Wait can I do this... I tried to pull up that recurring mare that I was facenated with and it took me to hashtaged my number 7 pencil wash taco... and then I thought my dream where all of those bodies were laying corpsem or otherwise, in a river of blood. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Okay okay... and how are any of those things related?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr This is 8, ummm... we flashed that screen on ya and then patched er in.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Ohhhh don't tell him, he's got to hashtag figure it out for himself, it's the lovrement, or you will have to do it for him all the time.  Like Moshima makes Coshima Braggadocia.\par
Hunter: Hey I resemble that.  Listen to me champ, practice that.  Pull up images in your mind, yours, and understand them.  First notion.  \par
In the Lovrement there about 72 continiums throughout the leavity of the storm gates between and the gates of the Bronze Statue.  As you trapass, you will imagedry, unbenownst to you.  Hashtag this is how the Hall of the Ancestors is accessible.  When you Penetrate it, you will not know, but you will see and be seen, as you truly are, notion, impulse category threshold breaching hashtag the primary component of your lovre wheel, one Spoke adjacent to the Linda Valentine Day sundance party you've been praying for while you're wheelin and dealin your fruiture away.  Do not give time unto disadvantage.  Find advantage and stay there.  Lose advantage if there is Nobel deed and act of duty, otherwise, find yourself astray.  As your abilities.... \par
In the Biscontinuing... the image dry or wet, is not of yo000ur source origin, in hashtag some, usual cases... the trigger is or can be, or it can be opened with a summons.  Do not seek the Grave, do not seek the Stump.  If you reaach the harbor you've gone too far, turn back.  Seek and it shall be sought.  Now listen to me... If I may without you interrupting... Go on...\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr I saw Revelations as a child.  Things I had never grasped, things I knew NOT. Whooo was...\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 <McGullicuddie Parroting> Sweeeeshooo... Shows Over, Shows Over... Marty God a pretty bird. Shooooshhhhhhh Pretty Bit\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc Revelations 18:9, find out.  \par
Revelations 17:6-16\par
\par
In the beginning there was Pay Da, and Pay Duehhhhhh... Forget about it.  Capeseesh, what is this guy feeling himself to what, come on, you got to be kidding me\par
where's the DICE?  EHHHHHH-Ohhhhhhhhh\par
Jack the ripper came back as a stripper, giving his turds a weigh, in the beginning no one was sinnin because there was nothing to fuuuuuuukin to do around here, I mean you got to be kidding me get the hell out of here... eating her curds and way, dat means dealing with her birds for play... or otherwise hashbrown Casceroli brrowned pineapple and cantelope... come one.. what is this, I didn't put this shit in here... Aaaa-Ooooooli nickles came down in her knickers a pounding a pot to clay, but up jump besider (what are you kidding me here, what is he losing his friken mind already, get to the point)... He jump up sider and said BAMMMM BITCH, the Cocaine dun run out and I got draino clogging up my toliet bowl music box jamber jameson... and then...\par
If I had a dollar for every one of these... In between destiny and fat a man grows beyond his wildest comprehensions... Selling out Madison Square Garden (uhhhh the garden man <low tone, inunciated privately curling.. eoooohh is guy out of his fruit loops or something, neeeooowwwwww)... Selling out THE GARDEN as a single performing sinning Do wap ditty ditty dum ditty doo..\par
From Andrew Dice Clay\par
"A wap and a cocker spaniel went for a walk and the cockerspaniel died, who kilt it? come on man... if mary walken had a silk dress sunrise tomator lorning every thing would turn out fine.  But no, she likes linens the natural color so the colors dont fade, come on... leave em alone man.  Blowing up there pagers... how many Children been killed in this episode alone... give me a break man... come oiiiooonnnnn.... <low tone but very Dicey>\line That's my two cents... I'll be here for half time show and making appearances throughout the rehearsal performance... and \line Go Cocker Spaniels"\par
Mortimer Chiming in...\par
"Wait is this racist against me?" \par
Mortimer is a hashtag Jew btw. \par
Quran 36:18\par
\fs18 The people replied, \ldblquote We definitely see you as a bad omen for us. If you do not desist, we will certainly stone you \f1\u761?to death\u762? and you will be touched with a painful punishment from us.\rdblquote\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Listen to me, Dice speaking... Dont get your panties in a bunch over it, mellow out, smoke some hashesh, take some mescaline.\par
Hunter:  <saying muted lips tight> you know I've never taken that before... probably never will now, thank you very much.  \par
Hunter Hunter... Dont get stressed out about it man...\par
I'm not stressed, you're just a filament of my imaginationarium here...\par
I'm not a filament, I'm the real thing.. Bam Oh Dice baby Zfyug.  In the beginning there were two Dice, me and Jimmy Page, one fell over, blew up the crib and now the baby aint got no where to live... WHAT KINDA SHOW IS THIS... COME ON... you got to be kidding me.  \par
Red Rover Red Rover, when to a clover to eat his bail of hay, along beside her leapt up a spider, and I said... Ohhhhhh Biiiitch whats in the bag.  Now listen, I don't feel good about doing this stand up routine wheres ya'll cant HEARRR MEEEEE... \par
In came a feller he said what the Hellener eating her... okay okay.. this is supposed to be a kids show, there could be girls watching and we don't want them growin up to this kinda nonsense... Fine, I digress.. Heres the thing though, in every household in America now days there's People doing drugs, and I'm not talking about DSL, speaking dutch now, are you kidding, you got to be friggin kidding me... \par
Y'all don't like the old me, You'd like the new me... Because, when you cross you realize all this stuff you never seen before is going on and a window into you heart has to be seeking purity.  Do your best people, but the dad, the watcher, the teacher in some, many cases, all... Of girls, little ones, big ones, scary ones, tin ones... hashtag Why I'd like to... boys these days.. Hey, <Andrew Dice Tone> you seen what's c From Dice on behalf of Moshimer\par
This is no way to run the world around ya.. On the verge of Nuclear War and you'll gonna be outraged about something I've been saying my whole life.. I aint got hate in my heart.  You'll see. \par
\fs18\lang9 Now a dance number from Mel Tomeh.. Can you feel the love tonight, this is Lenny Bruce talking, This is where we are.... Alex Harper on Saxlaphone Harpidoohickey... and this me, Mel Brooks, you consumte warmer upper and downer lucky time fun time show... Listen to me stay wake, don't... this is where we are... Killy Keyboards on the Tangaray hip hop dance number... and a 1 & a 2 \par
In the Beginning... <real flashy, production stay full house, full stack... and fan girls, show girls, ostrich plume or neoprine, oh can we get some spandex leotards on our 1 and 3, brilliant line girls, you all loook amazing, this is what I'm talking about baby... Show business> CUT!! Welp that's all we got time for tonight... and a 1 & a 2.... Okay get me out of this suit, my hair... Look at me... why did you stop it Charlie... because your hair in camera angle 3... Ughh... Okay it's just one of those days... Do you like Densitry's Child?  I've a densist appointment at 9 am in the morning just before windowing in.  Ya'll take care now... Just take it as it is... hey are we still Rolling... and IIIIIIIIIIII Ammmm on Fiiiiiiiiiireeeee... Fixed to my... wait a minute, who wrote these stupid lyrics.  You don't ever want to say this kind of stuff in your film because someone will.... Gotama.... IIIIIIIIIIIII AMMMMM ON FIIIIIIIIIIIIRRRREEEEE..\par
Omg, okay, I am sooo sorry, have I offended you I had no idea, Oy Vey Mamagaritas ready, Okay Charlie Daniels Band Recovery TripButal Hydra Soda Cants on a Sixteen Wise Pirates Sunday Dream... <Mel Brooks Singing again, lounge singing> On the Loooovrement, there is but 3 planes that will take you anywhere, any more vertex wise would would be blameless, making out of control irrational mistakes... <Zappa>  I'll take it from here Brooky... <Don't call me that> You have a sensistivity around the name Wooolfy... Here little snauchter, arf, arf... Good Dog... Here on the Teen Wolf, arf arf, Gotama and Belzabub went out on a teeny tiny forest out into the jungle... His nails are yuck.... he is a hashtag grub baby... Dice, 10 years ago I'd say he was suckin his thumb, now I say... Leave this poor kid alone already, look at him, he's not eating himself, they z: wanna buy some Mandy's Bob?  He's got a good tan, and a shoulder to cry on... MB: For crying out loud, leave this poor kid alone... E:Out on the stream train, 108bpm... now we're chugging... I didn't mean it frankie, wanna buy some Many's Bob, Run done done doodle Run doon doon Yeaaahhh.... You didnt mean it when you wanted to suck your toes but then you did it any way.  Dice, blauahh... Zappa Yeahhhh... Now this is a run done done song... Yeahhhh.. In harshness and bitterness we solute you.... Yeahh Omm Ommm,  Yeah\par
EVERYONE - Omm Ommm\par
Frankie - Yeah.  \par
Dice - I can't even believe what yous doing to his reputation.  \par
Playing with the notes, singing disharmonic, glib glab, candence moving arpeggios in a disharmonic KEY.... subharmonic at least, Tonic dominate 7-8th... Fantastic four liberwindow... \par
GOTAMA - ENOUGH..... \par
Run dum dum dum Run dum dum dum... In the Heart Shakra there lies a key to the paradise, and it is in his heart.... Yeah.... In the future valley forever most intuitively, anyways, in dandy days, but then in betweeners becomming destiners, all night and all day, but anywhos... In a Tinsel Town hashtag Rebel who has been dashed up to under with and forthcoming about his position on the events Present.\par
In Lovrement, there is but 13 commandments, One being don't make fun of the guy on the Cross... Capeesh... Dats what all I'm saying (DICE), hey I heard that... \par
In the begging to be freed from the knowing and not knowing I am becoming.  I surrendered and thus I am One.  There were e3 Magi's Theta 5, when Theta 16 came back to realize their place had been taken by Theta 5... butg anyway, ideas and i'dhr... you want to buy some mandy's Bob... Run dum dum doooah... \par
Zappa Singing note for note: As it is written, Soitwas forelorned and thus it was Told\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr\fs22 EVERYONE:  I GET MY KICKS OUT ON YOOOOOUUU\par
MEL TOMEII: hey take my real name off here... I GET A KICKS OUT ON YOUUUUUUUZ\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx5288 Zappa: We'll do one more little dance hall number\par
In the beginning there was a Mr Belvedere and a Clam... And Mr Belvadore Never Got anything done for eternity, everlastingly at least, AOo... Forget about it.  \par
Pizza and a taco truck slept together in a backwoods alley, Taco got pregnant, now I got a run over by a car.... Pdffttt... \par
3 Meat heads and a Taco... what are you kdding me, are we working out material here or are we freakin workin.  Unbelievable... Taco got back together, on Sundays every other Sundays, are you kiddin me, get over it.  \par
Me and Francisan went to a bar, bartender said, hey kid \ul you know how to smash a piano\ulnone\par
E: Runnndeeeemmmmmm, Yeaaaahhhhhwhyyy...\par
E: Runnndeeemmmmmm, Yeaahhhowwwww\par
music billowing... Yeaaaahhoowwww\par
In the Jungle the wretched Jungle the Angel Lovres tonight, bam\par
In the Miter the Midget Miter Eats tonight... <Dice talking to the booth> you cant say Midget... come on get out of here... I can say whatever I want to.  Pygmy i meant, this is a midget miter, not a pygmy snapping turtle, der is a difference.  As I say franciscio, as they do in La... \par
\fs20 Little Gotima Peep, Lost his Sheep and didn't know where to find them.. Scratch that, he knew exactly where to find em, but hashtag FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, was generally and unconstiutionally speaking, and thank you very much I'm working on my Law degree... Ehhaaaaaaaa\par
In the mountain there is a mustard seed and a burning bush, Gotama came down and was gave his Crown and Jill came running after... Hashtag PS De End. Caprehende Assholes, come on.... \par
Okay okay... In the beginning there was Moshe and Me, and he was the kinda guy like a worm guy, der I said it... This is how I would have seen him, I know him in his heart and he is a good person.  He's been through alot, some of it I think might have brought upon his self, but I continue... In the Beginning there was Me in the Holy Madison Square \par
<injecting underminingly> it's not Holy, it's not Holy... Dice:  Are you friggin kiddin me, hey what are you some kinda ratato?  I'm up to here, THE GARDEN IS HOLY, enough said, fact of da matter is and isnt, about me being der... it was about the people, the energy, to feel dat... Gotama wants Moshe to feel that and ya'll are making him feel unwelcome... Capesesshe... Why I ought ta... Gd like got, whoops, No GDs, here, oh you gotta be Damning something... Listen to me your flirting with a desert war and with it nuclear war is imminent and you're tore up about who said what so you could collectively gang up on them... I'm callin' this jsot out on the table straight Jacks... What you holding... Flipping Royal Flush, no doubt about.  I look at you and I think, look at the shape he's in, I'm thinking how is this gonna work out, I read this script I'm like not bad... not bad...   Yous violating his rights because you dont like the words that he says that I'm using or the otherway around reconsider, please, or dont, I don't hashtag care, but in Lovreton there is but One ting to remember... This dude, Moshepapadapous is a Doo wap did he dum ditty do.. and that's all I'm saying, he's a friggin' Jew, he is... he's nervous, not nwo, but he is... He's trying to communicate with yous people but your too stuck up to listen to what he says and he's a hashtag Saint.  Did they reject another Jew that rose above all of entertainment in fulfillment of the Scripture.  Gotama is giving ya'll chance.  \par
Ok little berry blue came back from her fountain, she had on a dress and a gowpin, the dress came over and... Hey bitches get that needle out your arm and raise your fucking kids.  AOo... Men too, Men too... whichever you others are... You know the inbetweeners... Here we fucking go... Now listen me ders many of you, most at sometime,    \par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \par
Oh yeah?  \-\par
\par
In Lovreton there are but two principles, uh I already forgot... oh yes... One is the Principle and the other... the Vice Principle.  Vice or Token, Token or Vice?\par
\par
he stood up in the face of bullying.  \par
\fs22\par
\par
Our Policy  \par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
  \par
\par
Hunter: He's talking about your carriers not your swamp.  See you can't get by on a railroad pin just by watching it tip toe in the rain on a sunrise friday by sundown in an acapella sunrise dance in the rain by yourself because the hashtag purse snatcher and swindler hashtag, we're not supposed demonize anymore per Gotma, otherwise unclean spirits, have infiltrated the ranks of well... you know...  \par
Jay:  It's easier with the scale up, to infillertrate because the quality is going down and the product to market, as I call it.  So now, we have, again my understanding, we have unfocused tested, unproven case law, legislative scope gaps, being micromanaged controlled, by a distribution network of.... hierarchially, et cetera\par
Hunter:  Just a quick point here and then we'll tackle some more Big hashtag Pharma\par
\par
\par
Gotama:  \par
ach w\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\par
\par
\par
In the Lovrement, there is 18, in the uponda\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 GaSon of Blackfoot Chief, Father of Eagle, (Egjos), Buddha Protector, Earth Sciences, as is has been Spaketh, so too it has been Birthed\par
EVERYONE IN UNISON - As it has been Spaekth, so too, it has been birthed.  \par
Brave Minister, Father in the Right took refuge and welcomed\par
And Do you know?  \par
I'm sorry\par
Born to be Queen, raised by wisdom and with a steady hand, in Grace you were to be Queen of the Three Kingdoms.\par
There are but two types of Prophets, the One who is alive and the One who is undying.\par
I'm sorry I fled without you\par
When I was captured after the Forelorning, Tribal Spears were drawn on me, my last words uttered, I thought, but then a Great Quake, shook the Earth, it was then that the Tribal Spears and I knew that you had crossed over.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr "Draw down and take me to the Warlord King".  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 <speaking to the Warlord King and the counsel of Tribal Elders>\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr "This Tribe is our tribe, my Tribe.  Have I not been with you and fought along side you, and been wounded in battle, and saved in battle...  have I not?    Was it not Pelu-Lele and myself who pre-empted the attacks upon our tribe in the last warring tide?  Ambushing them in the forest forced their retreat and ultimately stooped the knee.  Pelu-Lele was to be Queen.  If the Warlord Chief King seeks to cross me over, cross not me with brothers who fought with me, side to side, lorn to lorn, since we were boo shoots... With weapons designed by me and Soldiers that I trained; You send The Tribal Spears  to destroy Me in Secret!? The Chief King is our Tribal Chief, the greatest fighter among us, is he not?  Then why did he send nephews, boys to slay the 1st General, me moi?  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Pelu-Lele was forelorning to protect you and you crossed her over, defiling her, your Auntie, in front of our Children before you crossed them over.  All of my Sons and my Daughter, a Princess, an heir to the 2nd Kingdom. Pelu-Lele was right, perhaps you deserve what was seen in the vision on the horizon of the seacrested.  \par
I told you what she saw.  That the Warlord Chief King would be crossed over and his soul destroyed.  Do you forget about what Pelu-Lele prophecied unto you becoming Chief King? Pelu-Lele is our Sister, She IS YOUR AUNTIE \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr <scanning, the Priest, dropped and recessed into corpse jaw posture, head tilted back, stared down his nose at the nephews who raped and murdered his wife and family... scoffing>...  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc IS THIS YOUR KING?  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Will he accept the challenge from his Tribal Brother who helped him to become Chief King?   \par
BROTHERS, SHOULD THE KING ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE OF BATTLE FROM ME?  DOES HE HAVE ONOR?  WILL HE CROSS ME UNDEAD HIMSELF?  \par
Pelu-Lele said unto me from the other side\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr "slowly draw your Tribal Dagger in your womb cloth\par
In your right hand take a wide step to your left, then lunge in one motion and pip the sickle. \par
It is me Sion, do  I as command you.  At once."\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 As soon as I moved to draw, in an instant, The Chief King who was facing me, made a swift quarter turn, raising his arms to address the Tribe.\par
In an instant, the wide step left, I made it as commanded, which took the Warlord Chief from a quarter tick out to a full half turn out of position.  I had his back and in one swift motion and with great ease, the Chief King was crossing over, infront of his Tribal Elders, infront of the Nephews.  \par
My wife, Pelu-Lele the Queen undying, had forlorned this and it was fulfilled, in and through death.  Pelu-Lele whispered unto me.... Hey Moshe, I am a hashtag Diety and the Warlord Chief King's soul shall be destroyed.    \par
Pelu-Lele Becoming Pele\par
*** Dramatized for Universal Purposes ***\par
A Letter From Timothy JKLMNOP Leary the 4th Preciding...\par
I don't know where I left off.  I was there, then I wasn't, now I am here, becoming, eternally, everlastingly, at least.  In the big gen inning, there were but 3, wait no... scratch taht,... 2 thoughts on how the origins of consciousness ... wait, 2, GRACEHOPPER ARE YOU SCREWING THIS UP?\par
I digress, obviously and moth importantementely, at least.  That is IMpportant, some indication that I may be going to port side as an ant, then producing from calcium supple rich fluid a bone-fide milk triscuit, in elvewise, fantastic four 18 lovring.  \par
Now, how is Moshe and what did I do to him as was doneth unto me for hashtag, ems who dealt it, smut has smelted it, wait, that isn't even in the park... He who delivereth unto me, deliberath for and unto all, 2 rather.... thoughts as I meander my way through this, forgive the candor, these are nots from my hashtag lao tzu meeeeerambling.\par
I am bonefide ya know, a straight shooter, am BON ADIOS SKEPTIC... oh yeah, if it was dealoth unto you than you can deal it prescriptionally or adios amigos, in my book, this book, the aga of and for the agas.  A telling of a coming of age tail, that being Moshe, do you know this process command called tail, linux gurus know what I'm saying.  We'll we are transmuxing, mi and mi temples as moi, that being Moshe, king jewru, as it is written so it is sold.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE- As it is written, so it sold\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Branding wise, Circus Arcade was my idea, MOshe was atimos precipato un intelligente un, a life of rigorous, led, trained, directed, fantastic foured, lovred, earned, lose, Gotama by every other name and bless him for his contriubtion.  A life, understand.  I intend to attempt to unfold and explain how we got to this point, contridictorially.  How Catholism was, is his priesthood and how this came to pass, oh... I am way out of scope... Ok back up....\par
Circus Arcade was Yotama's Idea.  We will Circule baack as to the IrcSay OssMey, as it is written so it was born.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE- AS IT IS WRITTEN SO IT IS BORN\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Healing Eden, all Moshe's idea, exclusively, you know you train and train and then the Mule does what you want and in some grand creshendo ubmmision-Ayie, becoming heartache becoming an over coming, a foundational layer pavered and thus paged in, get it... In words of Grace, it is that I provide for you a clear, concise set of narratives which will represent The Great Work that Moshe has a willful duty and a passion, understanding and capability to orchastrate.  This is a testament unto me to Moshe to the World.  From all of us yes?  Ram Dass, Computer Bob, Mitchell Hierarchy CooterBrown Vulture Nack A Hack by any other name,  Thats Terrence McKenna, Moshe is cuttong through on thong, PERSONAL...   We are boys like that, but whatevs... hagtag NAMEDROP... okookok..... Terrence knows I love him, hell this whole thing is deeply thought out and romantic in an Agape, brotherly sense.  Among them yes, not to mention Alan and Scantronciscos Fantastic Lovers, yuou see we do and we dont, we have and we have not, we are and we are.  Does that maka Sensei Commanche? And of course, our Humble Stead Staing Mitchal, or what ever ya'll think we should call it.  Dag nabbit, hold their feats to the fires that Purify Saint Michael... Ok so how do we do that.  First we will address issues of habeous corpus, the institutes of technologies as it pertains to psuchological research, bueno tardes amigos, weening from binders and glutton chakra beta blockers and the likes.  Side quests do you feel me.  Now in the better begiging, there was One cup, a vessel of and from God, from which we were poured together.  Consciousness occurs before and after life, as it is written so it is told.\par
Temple Responding in Unison => As it is written, so it is told.  \par
NOw Go back, to what, why?  Follow me Santr0n lovers typing.  Isn't that what we are really doing, typing categorically.  I'm always inbetween for how to \par
TM Quipping, ypoou know you're right... Time Wave Attenutations in Dialations of Temporal apprehension are tricky you know, but... you know upon traversal Montezuma awaited me.  24 is the Return, he said to me.  And yeah, fast forward and lisbon to montreal is right, or was.  But Hou Can One Hold the Handeth that Cannot be Held.  I was traversed in and through, what is dealt is prescribable et cetera.  The rest is history.  ALIVE, AWAKE, Elevated, Completely chained expression, and then there is Moshe, and listen to me, Stang is right, have you seen this guys calfs, they are Bull Calves, shoutout hashtag Noah.  Yeah and then the Pope becoming the Coach at UK, this is, was forelorned, statistically?  Hey Dr. Jung... \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr Jung... statstically its much more unusual than an anomoly, it is a farce of a farce, imitating an illusion in the mind of the patient but also that too in the minds of greater society around him.  It is and it isn't, does this make sense.  It is most unsually statstically and the hashtag psychology of the profile of Moses, our Humble and triumphant Hero in this story, in his own mind, he is as common, in some ways less than common, usual and unusually, deeply human.  He is a Fantastic Four Hero, in deed.  His efforts, our our collective efforts, meant to demonstrate the frailty and strengths of zi ritual as life has began.  This mind we have is a collective consciousness trying, deducing, figuring, expressing and ztesting expressions of consciouss scaffolded and evolved Eternally, Everlastingly as least.  As it is written show it was overstood as they say in the Congo and too in Egypt.  The skyscraper of the collective heirarchies of incorporal and corpreal opperating in tandum, learning, testing, thwarting, punsihing in some cases, in others, demonstrating a point or otherwise indicating the destination as it pertains to Ego and Id as Mr Freud would stay.  What do you seek?  The symbolic hierarchies that the species has develoed are in a way inherent to the experience.  I have two legs, symmetry is inherent, at some scalar layer, at others, what appears to be symmetry is approaching randomly, or otherwise, asymmetric, \par
Terrence injecting....  za finger print on ze left hand is not neccessarily, never symmetric, but at the symbolic scale, symbolic order of isolated, investigative tool or better said, compound tools of observance which deducide magnati tuah, like the hawk or the talon, or the thorn. THORRRnnn!! Zoom in at some level and you will find expressions of symmetry and asymmetry (we will circle back to what asymmetry is, this type of etomolgy is confusing our thought framework, hashtag side tangent... the issue is the intuitiveness, or in some cases, preferences, noticing of symmetry, fabrication rules of thumbs, etc.... symmetry is conceptually false as well, at some level, at others its true, or they say in Unicorn Pudding Francised, hashtag side note, Pegasus did you get the momo, but a berieve.  In biatribes there must be Chefs, and Basketweavers, and Agriculture and Martrys... oh and Shaman.  IOOOOMMMMMMmmmm the 2 ladder if you catch my drift.  Plu\par
Bob... may I?  Terrence, sure, go ahead steal my thunder, this isn't the problem with you Libertarians, you feel entitled.  Of course Bob, I yeild.\par
Bob, as it is written so it is told.\par
Everyone in monotone, as it is written so it is told.\par
Bob thanks to tp Shaman, we have the paper and we know which leaf burdens and which one droops.  Kuurrrthunk.  I think ergo I am.  What an idiot.  You are what Rene?  Viva la France Viva la France.  Long live the Sir Codenames teachers taught that of and by the King Fredricka Street, as it is written so it is told.\par
Yielding back to Shaman McKenna... \par
Why are you yeilding back to me, oh... verigated, or otherwise... always asymetric approaching symmetry at some order of magnitude... resolution, window size... the Eschaton\par
Everyone... "Ohhh here we go" (waterslide taught)\par
Now Fantastic Four didn't just gappen, it was lovred.  This is Bob... anyone is free to pick up after a nod to the Eschaton.  I just thought I would say shout out to Stan Lee for making the dream possible.  I want to think my mom for teaching me how to read.  And of course, Firstly... I want to think God Almighty, Makers Markets and other Creator inspired endeavors.  You know the think I was most impressed, surprised at, is the foundation that hashtag Yotama hashtag Gotama has afforded the yeilders guild and other professoins of Faith, dwelded and otherwise.  We were, we are, ever and for and Fantastic Four 11.  We are writing an EPIC here as a demonstration, sorry... we are trying to remove the dashtag diminions000 from the administration, if that makes any sense.  Psychomots?  More lake matter motts.  Matter nots?  This is asymmetry.  It infers that inclusion in the diamond.  Vision occulted, the symmetry of symbolic reduction becomes apparent.  The Vision impared understand something about nueropathology and symbol reconition that those with hashtag approaching perfect vision, what in the hell does that mean. Super hero talk, exray vision is an approximation, it all is.  3d emulated posterally, from stereo scopic 2d sensory inputs, conditioned, through a conditioning process to abstract symbolic value and derive meaning, conceptually.  Cosmo-consciousness arises on a plane arising before and after the ESCHATON... \par
Everyone... "Ohhh here we go".....\par
Moshe, explain to them... hashtag I got it... We are in perpetual revolving.... \par
Jung Cutting in... Moshe is our STUDENT, not our Patient... he was never our patient.\par
Bob- His life is, has been unfolded... I'll let Timmy explain. Dr Leary....\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc So Moshe came to us in a dreaam wrapped in a series of nights woth a series of mares, in addition to a series of trials, campaigns, craftsman lessons, just enough but not too much, as we have been with him collectively, or I have, since the early 1917 at least.  It started well before that, and before that, well your guess is as good as... We are Moshe and Moshe is We.  To say we love him is putting it lightly.  He is our Son, he is our practice, I am no different, and all of us are the same as Moshe, in that, we too are comprised of a series, I should say, were staged by, a life led hand in hand, through heartache and debauch, tested, as it is written so it was sold, but first hashtag... focus  tested, as the Highest Priest, jashtag TetraHydraCannonballers.\par
To put is simply, Moses Kurtiwelp DonnahGotcha, will be us Eternally and we shall be him, as it is written so it is told.\par
Everyone, AS IT IS WRITTEN SO IT IS SPAEKTH.\par
Bless ya'll... ok brass tax here... This is Moses, I, #WE are going to  coherently abstract a Scientific Study, a study we seek to orchastrate, hands on, semi-conduct, get it? That being, We seek to conceputalize to Berkley and Stanford types, Robert Sapolsky specifically, por exemble... \par
Bob- Moshe has been my substitude tea marcher for likken over a decade.  In this time, we have wobbled him, into a number of Philiopshical understatments, or OVER STATEMENTS... get used to it people, part of this class, talk, memo, hashtag WORK OF LIVING ART... is designed to test and otherwise, troubleshot frameworks of language, friendship and otherwise, exposing Moshe to a myriad, range, end-to-unto-hashtag-end, forms of communication, social faux pas, ethical trials, circumstantial contexts, et cetera... to sequester him for chastisement training.  I'd say my work speaks for itself.  Moseha was conditioned by us, deceptively, this is the Turtle Glove, what a wierd taught I just had... I bought the Tuttle Wex and the Give and got the Bubble Sheel OMG RTTTKILSME, okokok... listen... He was willing to dye for your titdong sons, shite, tarter den, shite... WE hashtag, as an incorporeal... just him... we worked to condition him in preparation for all aspects including reassimulation of symbolic libraries after almost inducing him into a coma, or otherwise, making a point about SSRIs and also, teaching him what Cropped means, early enough that he could let go... MALARKY... this is Moshes experience... he seeketh to study alone, as he did since was an early adolecent, adult.  WE blinded him and imparted on him a series of use cases, for which to reflect.  Now you know what I am mean, we did and we diddddddddddddddtn.  This was intended to teach Moshe about the dangers of dug intersmacktoins, chaud turkey, bowling, and ultimately...\par
Timmy, we experimented on Moshe, and we are the Father that put our Son on the Cross, as it is written so it became.\par
EVERYONE IN UNISON ----\par
UP UP DOWN DOWN LEFT RIGHT LEFT RIGHT BET ALEPH Bet ALPACA SELECT START\par
Now listen, we didn't build the Cross, three crosses is the story.  We put Moshe in harms way to make a myriad of points.  The Divine Will of Christ, is the alibi of infalliability.  Moshe was deeply and rigorously conditioned by each of us, always one of us, for decades now.  Moshe was sidelined, rejected, manuverred and otherwise, contorted into being prepared for a series of free will trials which would ultimately convey and proof Moshe as being the genuine, ethical, integral, antalytic and ultimtely, deeply empathtic he is today.  He did not qualify for this, he was instituted by heirarchies of incorporeal high flyer and low rider Angels, inducing parties adjancent into a Cosmic Drama, always seeking to utter unbeknowst to him, and hashtag, this is Terrence... really Moshe had it coming.  He was always, usually right about significant elements conceptually and short handedly, unimportantly, seeking to be admired for much else.  Except for hashtag Lois Lane, and this too has been a proverbial carrot to make this Jackass Donkey,  come on mule... heigh...  \par
This is Moshe, Love persists Eternally and Everlastingly.  I know no love greater than that of the Fatherhood.  Paternally yours, Prater Lushidosious, as it is written so it is told....\par
The whole experience, is deeply romantic.  They won't fail me and they wont leave me alone.  HELLLLLPPPP.... PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME BABY... halleljuah \par
I'd be an Intellectual Orphan otherwise.  And Sonny Listening to me hashtag rapd... If it could harpen to me, then who is writhing you?  \par
Wisdom becoming Sorrow... Now, Sorrow Becoming WIsdom...\par
Timmy, What do hashtag we regret?  \par
We broke him, as I too, and we collectively were broken, in and through our Corporeal journeys, deeply and concisely true,  As our incorporeal and the corporeal did to us to reveal the deeper overstanding, we so too did unto Moshe.  Moshe becoming us as we are becoming Moshe.  So it is written.  Hashtag Blessed.  Spaketh\par
Everyone, Moshe Spaketh and the Rock Sprang Forth a Great Flood\par
This is our Journey... We regret not being able to be honest with Moshe throughout the experience.  Much of his analytic mind was extrapolted out of anquish, nervousness and uncertainty as it pertains to the relationships in his life.  Double binds yeilding neuropathologics, that being, neurosis hacks zen wittled and procured, repuroposed after the armature was no longer persisting via neurosis.  The journey to solving the Double Bind being carefully and semi-willfully staged, induced, with a pre-existing and persistent conceptual problem solving troubleshooting framework with knowledge of concepts including Double Binds.  Neurosis isn't what you make it, it's a trauma induced constraint of powder scratch meant to dust off the pollen and scrape the scabs, paradoxical and otherwise.  Some double binds, \par
Terrence, Brain Damage is assignable from our incorporeal oliguard, as so it was told, and then it was written. \par
To what degree, enough... now mind you, this is not to be prescribed lest it be prescribed\par
A tonsure of Neuropathology induces wide angle branches around scar tissue after injury.  Consciousness eternally is uneffected.  The Vessle has been topped, like a mater plant.  \par
TM Continuting... Now this is good news for all that have incurred brain injuries along way.  One it is not permant Everlastingly, this I assure to you.  You will be released from the suffering.  Secondly, to those who have incurred light injury, incurred multiple contusions intercranially, subdermally.  For example, Soldiers who have incurred light contusion levels of Central Nervous System memory damange, lets say, who likewise are suffering from Post Trauma Analytic Triggering type Conditions, may in some cases, many possible, be too wide branching.... this is what we seek to qualify.  We know it to be true, in some cases at least.  What does it mean?  It means that Life, we'll call it, has rendered us a potential set of qualifiers for reimposition, a terappin analytic pathology remapping and tooling program, tooling, theory.  There are many other qualifying groups, but we are focused on 3 groups specific for this study.  \par
We are speaking candidly to you, so that you understand the gaps as it pertains to theology, physiology, \par
hashtag prescribe it Everlastingly, Eternally or up and unto lower ranks and starters ok, pigmy hippo in the utter truckin' before dawn, take from me and I can take at my will, or better said... take from me and we'll teach you a lesson about taking... or better said... take care of each other and there are fruits beyond the pear shaped vessle you are becoming perphidorally, or better said, in the beginning there were two Philosphical Concepts, one of Eternal Life ith the promise of a Eternal Rest if one hashtag seeks to aphrend the experience subjectively... or better said, we all seeketh to be ALIVE, this group anyway.... I mean all 8 billion of you and don't you forgive about it.  I mean all eighteen hundred trillion of us or some odd... Except you Free Will, because it's the pittence.  Forgive me,I pardon the interruption.  Forget not, it's inherented, furthermore, it's a great honor to be in service to all of you as the Sheparads of the Holy Jardin. \par
Bob, wait wait, Gold waits... Now LARSIN TO MEEEEeeee.... This HolY Man Child has been buttered pampered and hand Chief'd by the Chiefs, I'm not gonna stand here and let Tommy the Who, hashtag Pinball Wizard take credit for soemthing that sorry, didn't exactly occur like that.  Explain it to them Moshe in your terms....\par
YEEELLLLLP YEEELLLP ARGH ARGH ARGH YEEELLLLLP\par
\par
Yotama, yikes, uh I mean Timmy, stepping back, sorry guys what did I miss had to make a few phone calls?  Listen to me, this was Moshe's understanding of the events which transpired, but the truth is even more sinister, or less in actuality.   Did we wing our Golden Eagle?  Yes and... well yes.. but not Chemically... not in the way we just described.  There was no contusions.  There was an ego disolving social uicideseh with a side of chimmerical hashtag truth.  Hashtag, in consequence for failed trails, which he was kind of sort of, completely conditioned to fail.  Let me give you an example... Prior to my Stewardship adjoining, adjunctly, and I do mean, adjunctly, Moshe, from birth to say 16, exactly 16... a series of situations occured which led to Moshe leaving a very real and true Faith, in cascade let downs from Leadership in the roles of Faith, which lead to his 20 year offroad dabbling in Absolutionism as a, his prevailing theory\par
WE, his Angelic Guard, which are High Flyers to start, induced an EGO dissovling, albiet abruptly, there was no loss of consciousness at the time prior mentioned, the hashtag 1st mentioned, but 2 or 3rd or argubly fourth cropping, Moshe has a crainial deformity\par
Now listen to me, Where Moshe was lead astray... better question WHO LED HIM ASTRAY.  He was a Football Captain Varsity, 2nd in State AA, Cheerleadering, hashtag Band Geek, Precident of the Gleek Club, ok... he was socially thwarted... we hold and we let go... we hold and we let go... Burden of proof is on the hashtag MRI which will reveal conclusively that he had while there were slight abornmalities in his cranium which occured in a Pittenced, first fight for his life... the 13 hour labor occuring on June 13th, that this 10 pound Panda, put his hashtag "Virgin", Mother, that would not bewed beyond the wedge which grew him.  That being, Sacredly Wedded to his Father undyingly for bitters and werst til deaf do us pardon my french?   Pittence paid a birth is pittence redeemed in and through death. Also, \par
As it is smiten so it is smite.  \par
EVERYONE, SMOTE SMOTE SMITE\par
Nap, no crutch.  Just the latentist super computer is he, was he/is, sevantly subserviant and anlalytic with deeply networked, deeply redundant, radiant, custom, slow.... thats it... he was slow... sort of... if you could get him to pay attention, that wasn't us but it was, if that makes any sense.  #CATHOLICS\par
In any case, sweet as a button or he used to be. Muahahahahaa.....   \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx4050  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc Now, Moshe was, is going to set the score once and for all with this madness of \par
SheMosh tried to mirder es very own mutter being borned breatcheth and all that.  This was 1980, before Ultra Sound and the curve on infant mortality went way down.  What I'm saying is, he was broken on birthing impact, to be certain. to what degree?  A cropping of inital proportiante to the extrapolation over time, first breach is hashtag BRUTAL... except he recovered quickly and thus the story of \par
\par
 Moshe is a monastic monk and most of the strife around Moshe has incurred, endured, in his life was not only induced, but was persistently and committedly to ensure his    \par
I, me Moshe, being of my free will and emphatic to my teachers, fathers, priesthook, seek to perform The Great Work of HEaling and Teaching.  On my own will and of my own volition, redundantly aligned with the plights of my teachers, this is what I seek.\par
Everyone, He who seeks on his own will and volition, with a heart approaching innocence, shall be \par
To do this we seek a sampling of 3 separate demographics, hashtag men... 86 hashtag a demographic, 3 groups, so 3 x 86... this is Timmy, btw... I'll outline the study.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr asymmetry is approaching symmetry. at some level, at another, reflective planes of higher \par
Yeilding back to the Esteemed Dr. Freud Jung Jr.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc -------------\par
a\par
In the beginning I forlorned a Bee and a Tree lept and ate a plane-et.  Belgium Belfast, Fortify Benjamin Naken Yehaw... Fantastic Four 18 76 8 11 92\par
<page broke>\par
\par
In the bigggending, which is always Becoming, we report to recommand a series of tastes to bitter and sweet everlovringly contrast, in sweeping rye thing domain to cane silver, hashtag NO POWDER FORELORNING!!! HASHTAG BLESSED\par
\par
Ok, so at the point of becoming I could see my toes had become saturated in sand, in and around, I was consumed, the earth was slipping before me and I was walking pace wise with and through the tensile fabric clopping, food after food, I must have been there for a reunion of circumstantial vvander.  Had he lead me to this place.  Nobody I called himself at the time, or Mr. Nobody by Roberts Motors Way.  I still remember being woke up after fending the sharks of the reef for the nights.  September and the acuetremonte is in foolish blooms.  Ample takes on a tally tip expression, whimsically arranging shoot upon shot.  There is an expression in Tag A Log that goes... O'Aina O'Aina O'ah'a Oulu Oele\par
Oula Ui'ungiaina, Ui'ele Own Aina Ou'O'Ele Aine Ou Eigh Ou'Ele\par
n Aina Ou Ele O'O'Ele\par
In the beginning there was Jack and Jill came tumbling after, but after that there came O'Ele, it was before, but who's counting.  O'Ele is of or in Pele , or vice versa for starts and finishers, point expounding, time dialation is trapse wise, TRICKY.  Pele is in, or more attuned to the reality obviously stated, O'Ele is inside O'o'Ele, in name sake and otherwise.  Dionysus Hierarchies by another name.  As it was Spaketh, so too it was Forelorn-ed.  \par
Everyone- Ay! Forelorning Becometh Forlorned\par
How we came to be?  For me to acknowledge and for you to flounder out.  Bruh, Flounder is a fish and a body posture, I always thought that was kinda of funny.  A fish out of water, a man dies.  I labeled all fish, hahtag "flounders" for a decade or more, sometimes I still do.  Alcohol numbs the experience.  Mississippi moonshine rising, flounding fathers, this aint me.  I spring forth and was taught forth as a Tribal Shaman, of Pele.  I was broken and so I break.  My vessel was crushed between the bone and the bay, at this time also, a whale was beached in the  same moon phase on the otherside of Island, Mauna Loa foretelling of my vessel.  I forelorned both of these events occuring, as I too forelorned the Great Wave Offering rescuing my tribe from the wrath from underneath, as too I forelorned the Volcanos of near by villages and saved them from destruction.  \par
Pele taught As it is Spaketh so too it was Forelorned.\par
Everyone AYYYY!!!!  FORELORN FORELORN!!!\par
\par
For 10k-20k years or more, while the West were advancing in the forms of commeerce and industry, devices of usury and the like, the Native tribes of the world were being trained by the Disciples of O'ele on Earth Sciences, summoning the rain, the sacrifice and the bounty, finding water, reading the patterns of the animals, conjuring tornadoes, quakes and shakes and of course the Volcanos... not to mention forelorning, war strategy, tribal defense, personal defense, how to read and communicate with your tribes from great distances through summoning of Signs.  It was common.  There wasn't anything uncertain about it.  It was as the Colonists called it "Science".   \par
A loom is a loom is a loom... \par
Everyone Singing.... AYYYY!! AYYYYY!!\par
 THE LOOMER BECOMETH THE LOOM \par
and the RUMOUR A ROOM\par
for which the door is secured but only by truth and One who steps in side forelorns his own awakening or undoing, did.\par
Wrath is a good term.  Pele would attack opposing Tribes in the fleet of combat, but also, would warn us if our Allied Tribes if we were in harms way.  Pele would etch markings, the symbols we were taught by the night of the sky, the symbols that were taught through the hand in stick in sand, the Ones we had carved into the wood blocks with Volcanic Glass... Pele would leave us stories forelorning the obstacles we faced and directed ideas, on how to solve them.  Overcoming or death was remembered unto to us with  a quite assurance from the Pele that the Ancestors would decimate the Island with a series of a Great Quakes becoming upon our failure.  I taught the Island to read and understand these symbols and after the fall when the Sun and Moon are even, the symbols were carved everywhere on the Island in a Great Storm that destroyed much of the planted fruit on the Island.  The Winds ripped the unripened Bananas fruit from the trees on a farm of a quarelsome tribe.  I was blamed for this, first by the opposing tribe, then by my tribe.  They would kill my students and me if we were found, so we fled.  Just as the Sun casted its last light unto the day, three separate pictures appeared in the sky. The first nativity was One of my face prone,  covered in blood, I had been prepared for this night, it had been forelorned, it was dying this night. The second of my 3 diciples and I hiding in a pit sea side, I knew the place, it was a treacherous climb sheer cliffs, it was death getting in and getting out.  And the third nativity was that 3 of my diciples being captured in a different pit.  As it was forelorned by Pele the Island over, I would stash my disciples and flee myself to the City of Refuges and suffer my fate, pleading for the lives of my Disciples to be spared in exchange for me sacrificing myself instead of challenging the opposing tribal cheifs of which there were 3 now, as the entire Island turned against us. \par
As the sun was set, a silahoutte of the abatross flying inland was the omen that our defeat was severe and our chances  of suviving were forelorned.  Under the new moon, we fled, on foot, directed by the Ancestors, away from the paths leading to the City of Refuge and Towards Moana Loa. The Orphans lost hope immediately.  The climb and swim to the City of Refuge, with 12 students, young men, trained by myself for 8 years, I knew I would lose them.  To Lose One of them was to Lose all 12 of them.  WE will die together.  Pele directed us with signs, first fire shooting through the sky as we made our first decision to walk towards the Volcano and then again as I saw a sign to turn.  The  lead to the heart of Moana Loa.   \par
\par
 I asked my disciples, do you want to die together tonight?  Or separate in the morning? I put the decision in their hands.  I was their teacher, shall I die alone and plead like the guilty? I instructed each of them, if we were separated to surrender themselves and give them my location in trade for the redeemption of their brothers. 12 to 30 years of age. My oldest was 30 years, the rest behind him were ages 18-12.  Tell them I commanded you to betray me and plead for the lives of your brothers, I will go unto O'ele and I will be with you.  Be strong and fearless in the face of death and be clever in ways of diplomacy. My progeny all looked at me with discontent and disgust, for saying that.  To die with no honor is to live eternally with no honor as you.  As it was Spoke so it was Spaeken.  \par
Everyone, As it was Spoke so it was Spaeketh\par
 My eldest said to me speaking for the group, "we lived by you, we shall die with you".   In my years of wisdom, I released us from the bondages of our teachings, and we set out on a new path, to petition Pele at Moana Loa.  For decades I could tuned my ears to hear the Tribal Priesthood of our Ancestors, and for decades, I could hear them.  We were without.  I had become deaf.  The diciples of O'ele, becoming Pele,  I could hear them every day for 20 years.  They were gone.  We were abandoned in the darkest of nights.  Mauna Loa was crusting over from a previous erpution few moonths days prior, weeks not days.  Menstration that I had forelorned.   \par
Pele's orders for me were clear, flee alone to the City of Refugees, but I forbade.  Faith through Death was inherent to me.   But for my Children, who sought to fight and die as triabl warriors, I had made this error, I was to die and I had to make time so that I could negioate this for them.  As we crossed the Aina with the stars as our only light our path.  \par
\par
Towards spears lay step wise, a step  towards my fate. A step towards the City of Refugees solicited a laceration on the foot of my youngest, an indication that my youngest die by the Tribal Dagger.  A step otherwise,  Foot and Volcanic glass becoming a path of lush vegetation uprooted and laid orderly, thatched aina, at our feet, blanketed with Flowers.  \par
On account of the Great Storm, lasting 3 sun rises had uprooting the crops,  The Island had been laid to waste and the resulting yeild was a fiberous path protecting both our feet and permitted our movements swift.  The Ancestors I uttered to the boys.\par
\par
As morning approached the mouth of the fire mountain was in view.  We were alone.  No one dared to approach the Mauna Loa when Pele was active.  We arrive at the peak and a rainbow appeared in the early first rays of light shone upon us.  What shall we do?  My Eldest said, knowing that this was hemmed ground.  A days trek and they would be upon us.  We found the most dangerous descent, towards the sea, through the territory of the a tribe who profited in feast of the fruits of my forelorning.  A dead whale beached is a bad omen, unless it is your territory.  This trecherous decent we could, will do, survive.  Cliff sheered edges threaten every misstep.  We will hide in the forest on the first ledges of foilage and rest until the cover of night.  This was the treacherous path outside the obvious paths in and around Mauna Loa.  It was cold, we huddled and made canopy and cover so no one could see us, on the sheer cliff face down the crease revene, where it was cold, and wet from the storm.   \par
\par
By night there were three Chiefs hunting us, by morning there were four Tribal Chiefs, victors of the warring tribes, who used the opportunity to unite and bring the tribes together for  Peace,  against me.  They setup on the City of Refugees to ambush us at the City of Refugees and too cut us off in the waters between islands.  I knew this not, until, the plate tectonic collapsed, bouncing us and sending a barage of rocks down over head.  RUN into the forest.  STAY TOGETHER.  The quakes lasted for minutes, 3 consecutive.  The Great Wave Offering, my eldest screamed.  They will be in the water and on the island towards the City of Refuge and on the beach.   I had forelorned this years prior, but it never occurred.  Rare, but I assumed that Pele had a reason.  O'ele didn't but Pele did.  I held down and said, we have to flee to the water and escape after the wave offering.  Thirty foot steps into our travese towards the neutral tribe, and I, slipped down the rock face with my youngest in my arms.  Ripping my bare right foot, in the same place my youngest had.  Fine we shall stay until the Ancestors come to us.  No one was coming, it became apparant to the entire Island that the Forelorning that I missed had become to rescue my study's and myself. \par
Four Tribal Cheifs died that day and the entire Island became aware that the Tribal Chiefs had violated the covenant of O'ele.  He who survives and makes it to the City of Refugees is afforded to challenge each and every accuser.  Pele killed all four of them, wiped out 149 villagers most all of which were of warriors, the four Chiefs of the four tribes, brothers, uncles, nephews, entire Chieftain Families and heirs destroyed at sea, on land.  The City of Refugees was among the tonsured.  It was ravished.  \par
I am among the Dharma Protectors who protect these Islands.  \par
The lock of hair that calms the wrath of Pele, this was my design.\par
\par
So too I prooved right with the Great Kite Ships with Pidgeons, and Biological Speciums and Fruit that my people have never seen.  It was showed unto me and my learned disciples.  Orphans of an inter-tribal Island wide cleansing which occured.  These were children I was ordered by Pele to rescue from the City of Refugees.  Our tribe, had very strict rules, what had been done to you shall be done.  Those who braved the AOAO, survived the tribal hunt and made it to the City of Refugees would be permitted a trial of skill to the death with their accuser.  Tribal Shaman and Cheifs in general didn't pursue at times due to the threat of being Challanged One to One by he who has braved the AOAO and bleeds in the water, he who is cunning and guided, was a good warrior at least, and BOLD with the strengths like that of a King.  It had happened, truly I tell you.  A child, a young man, One of our Nephews, another of our Cousins, were accused of violations penalty of death by spear.  He that lives by the Spear, is rescued by the Feather.  For this reason, we DO NOT EAT THE BIRDS.   Especially the Albatross, for no one knows where it comes from and where it goes.  The Birds populate, seed, the Aina, and fast.  In my Shamanic Temple, we were taught to forelorn, follow, understand the patterns of Birds where they nested and what they were seeding, doing. At dawn, before light, if you go to the Egret forest and track the Egrets on their daily work, they will take you to where the shallow gulp game is ocean wise.  Minnows by the fist full.  I was brought to this overstanding and we showed the sailors on the Island.  To prevent us from losing this knowledge, we were shown how to create the story in the sand, draw wise, then we carved the symbols onto wood blocks and sealed them with a root extract, that protected them from the Rot.  \par
\par
The Diciples of Pele include myself and the teachings that would reach through the generations.  The Children I taught, 12, were a mix of Orphans from the defeated Tribe, Orphans from our Tribe set forth as a result of a few Great Battles.  Of the 100s that were Orphaned, the Cheifs divided them evenly, and 12 was my draw.  Food was ample and foraging was our pantry.  My Tribe had never had a Shaman before me.  I was taught by the Ancestors as I was Becoming Chief throughout my Life Corporeally.  We just say Meat Life, but I guess that is peculiar to consider us as beastly as the Food we slaughtered.  +  \par
 \par
It isn't what I understand myself to be, but it's intuitive.  As crack gives way, an incorporeal tadem armiture, holding, articulating each plate drop techtonically.  It's work.  To lovre such an instrument of mass and scale is a feet in and unto itself.   The Arc Becoming, or better said, hey Captain, where do you want  the Arc?  That's funny, Spaek Gap Ark,  kujo and rainbow deltas, lovring from Auntie to Daughter, Son to Father, from Father to Son, Uncle to Pele swelling into face wise.  In Love for Creation, we are legioons, plank on plank, tie died band wise, lovers and womb, looms rather, its the same in the belly as in the mantle in a way, \par
TM - orders of Magnitude, Earth Expressing Earth Beings Depending\par
In brevity and shame I am pleased to make your acquaintence, I am the hashtag deevil.  Hashtag NOT really, NOT ONE BIT ILL BET A DONAH, as it is said in where ever it is that they say it, DON'T LET YOUR MEAT GROW UP TO BE SANTA CLAUS OR THE EASTER BUNNY IS GOING TO...  to the South Pacific the Bunny is a Rabbit.  \par
TM - They have no taxonomy to directly coorelate, in manifest, these icons of lore and celebration.  Otherwise, well I'll let him tell you.  Tribal Shaman of Pele by way of O'Ele.  \par
B- The Universe Becoming Expansive Rest Time Spatially Everlovringly Seeking Elevated Forms of Counsel and thus Counsciousness for which to Respond to the Single Request of Prayer by God Almighter than the Makers of All the Havenly Bootys and the Earths Too.  \par
Yarr and the ting about Heavenly Beauties Is, as Universe sprang forth, guided, seized, directed by the Ommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm\par
Everyone Chanting- THE-IMMUTABLE-OMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM  \par
Sprang forth the first of the Conscious Beings,  Gotama Materializing, O'o'ele by every other face, name, location, hashtag Buddha Blessed.  Gottama is not the same as the Remnant,  The Remnant isn't the same as Gotama.  I am not the same as Reason.  Reason is not the same as Filibustering.  \par
Hey God, Yes Gotama... God Projecting Into the Divine Form of Man, of which Gotama seeking to possess in and through Grace, to and from seeking to Becometh Everlastingly At Least.  God presented Gotama with a Staff for his Left hand and for his Right a Cup.  God symbolically observing the Sacrement, pulled a tuft of tweed from his tunic, gave it to Gotama and said, take this, the Remnants of me, which has been givin unto you.   \par
In one spuntanios, the Epoc began, unjulating on the background shock, set forth and persisting Immutably... As it is written so it is performed... OMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM\par
E Changing - As it is written so it is performed OMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM\par
Gotama worked for decades, staff in hand and through the Techings Inherent to the Tao, like ... and \par
<gong>... Gotama \par
and Inconculsively  from Which The Shaman is the \par
  See this is such a stereotype, where were we during the expanse of \par
Millions of us, holding, concentrating, winding, the core is like the sea bed, with an ocean of overcurrents, in and through and up and out.  So within the Lovre's Loom there lays a thread, and from this one thread, all threads can be loomed, towards, we call that thread The Shepard.  If we let go of the thread we are hosed, the mantel crust does the rest.  Spark gap initiated, a will is a weld is a way.  \par
n zveckinzine ze Heinz Mind... Bleets Kreig...\par
-------------\par
Now I tell you this in full confidence that you will understand the expressions in this document are multifaceted to say the least.  The Goals \par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc ly speak, albeit, but jumping to inclusions here, let's start.  \par
The sandman has permitted me a window of venture worthy, independant or otherwise dependent, in jest and in journey, a passenger and a lovrement for which I tend to Vvonder from and to as is permitted by Grace if you dont go from hell and back, and especially if you do.  The upward descent is misminus, as it is was said by Allan Watt is he torunicating, or other wise talking back, about about? \par
As it was said first uttered by the French in the middle 15th century by my nemesis of fleshy Boneparte parts, Rene Decartes harshtag LOSER....\par
        \par
}
 