{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
*** Dramatized for production ***\par
A Letter From Timothy JKLMNOP Leary the 4th Preciding...\par
\par
I don't know where I left off.  I was there, then I wasn't, now I am here, becoming, eternally, everlastingly, at least.  In the big gen inning, there were but 3, wait no... scratch taht,... 2 thoughts on how the origins of consciousness ... wait, 2, GRACEHOPPER ARE YOU SCREWING THIS UP?\par
I digress, obviously and moth importantementely, at least.  That is IMpportant, some indication that I may be going to port side as an ant, then producing from calcium supple rich fluid a bone-fide milk triscuit, in elvewise, fantastic four 18 lovring.  \par
Now, how is Moshe and what did I do to him as was doneth unto me for hashtag, ems who dealt it, smut has smelted it, wait, that isn't even in the park... He who delivereth unto me, deliberath for and unto all, 2 rather.... thoughts as I meander my way through this, forgive the candor, these are nots from my hashtag lao tzu meeeeerambling.\par
I am bonefide ya know, a straight shooter, am BON ADIOS SKEPTIC... oh yeah, if it was dealoth unto you than you can deal it prescriptionally or adios amigos, in my book, this book, the aga of and for the agas.  A telling of a coming of age tail, that being Moshe, do you know this process command called tail, linux gurus know what I'm saying.  We'll we are transmuxing, mi and mi temples as moi, that being Moshe, king jewru, as it is written so it is sold.\par
\par
Branding wise, Circus Arcade was my idea, MOshe was atimos precipato un intelligente un, a life of rigorous, led, trained, directed, fantastic foured, lovred, earned, lose, Gotama by every other name and bless him for his contriubtion.  A life, understand.  I intend to attempt to unfold and explain how we got to this point, contridictorially.  How Catholism was, is his priesthood and how this came to pass, oh... I am way out of scope... Ok back up....\par
Circus Arcade was Yotama's Idea.  We will Circule baack as to the IrcSay OssMey, as it is written so it was born.  Healing Eden, all Moshe's idea, exclusively, you know you train and train and then the Mule does what you want and in some grand creshendo ubmmision-Ayie, becoming heartache becoming an over coming, a foundational layer pavered and thus paged in, get it... In words of Grace, it is that I provide for you a clear, concise set of narratives which will represent The Great Work that Moshe has a willful duty and a passion, understanding and capability to orchastrate.  This is a testament unto me to Moshe to the World.  From all of us yes?  Ram Dass, Computer Bob, Mitchell Hierarchy CooterBrown Vulture Nack A Hack by any other name,  Thats Terrence McKenna, Moshe is cuttong through on thong, PERSONAL...   We are boys like that, but whatevs... hagtag NAMEDROP... okookok..... Terrence knows I love him, hell this whole thing is deeply thought out and romantic in an Agape, brotherly sense.  Among them yes, not to mention Alan and Scantronciscos Fantastic Lovers, yuou see we do and we dont, we have and we have not, we are and we are.  Does that maka Sensei Commanche? And of course, our Humble Stead Staing Mitchal, or what ever ya'll think we should call it.  Dag nabbit, hold their feats to the fires that Purify Saint Michael... Ok so how do we do that.  First we will address issues of habeous corpus, the institutes of technologies as it pertains to psuchological research, bueno tardes amigos, weening from binders and glutton chakra beta blockers and the likes.  Side quests do you feel me.  Now in the better begiging, there was One cup, a vessel of and from God, from which we were poured together.  Consciousness occurs before and after life, as it is written so it is told.\par
Temple Responding in Unison => As it is written, so it is told.  \par
NOw Go back, to what, why?  Follow me Santr0n lovers typing.  Isn't that what we are really doing, typing categorically.  I'm always inbetween for how to \par
TM Quipping, ypoou know you're right... Time Wave Attenutations in Dialations of Temporal apprehension are tricky you know, but... you know upon traversal Montezuma awaited me.  24 is the Return, he said to me.  And yeah, fast forward and lisbon to montreal is right, or was.  But Hou Can One Hold the Handeth that Cannot be Held.  I was traversed in and through, what is dealt is prescribable et cetera.  The rest is history.  ALIVE, AWAKE, Elevated, Completely chained expression, and then there is Moshe, and listen to me, Stang is right, have you seen this guys calfs, they are Bull Calves, shoutout hashtag Noah.  Yeah and then the Pope becoming the Coach at UK, this is, was forelorned, statistically?  Hey Dr. Jung... \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr Jung... statstically its much more unusual than an anomoly, it is a farce of a farce, imitating an illusion in the mind of the patient but also that too in the minds of greater society around him.  It is and it isn't, does this make sense.  It is most unsually statstically and the hashtag psychology of the profile of Moses, our Humble and triumphant Hero in this story, in his own mind, he is as common, in some ways less than common, usual and unusually, deeply human.  He is a Fantastic Four Hero, in deed.  His efforts, our our collective efforts, meant to demonstrate the frailty and strengths of zi ritual as life has began.  This mind we have is a collective consciousness trying, deducing, figuring, expressing and ztesting expressions of consciouss scaffolded and evolved Eternally, Everlastingly as least.  As it is written show it was overstood as they say in the Congo and too in Egypt.  The skyscraper of the collective heirarchies of incorporal and corpreal opperating in tandum, learning, testing, thwarting, punsihing in some cases, in others, demonstrating a point or otherwise indicating the destination as it pertains to Ego and Id as Mr Freud would stay.  What do you seek?  The symbolic hierarchies that the species has develoed are in a way inherent to the experience.  I have two legs, symmetry is inherent, at some scalar layer, at others, what appears to be symmetry is expressing  randomly, or otherwise, asymmetric, \par
Terrence injecting....  za finger print on ze left hand is not neccessarily, never symmetric, but at the symbolic scale, symbolic order of isolated, investigative tool or better said, compound tools of observance which deducide magnati tuah, like the hawk or the talon, or the thorn.  Zoom in at some level and you will find expressions of symmetry and asymmetry (we will circle back to what asymmetry is, this type of etomolgy is confusing our thought framework, hashtag side tangent... the issue is the intuitiveness, or in some cases, preferences, noticing of symmetry, fabrication rules of thumbs, etc.... symmetry is conceptually false as well, at some level, at others its true, or they say in Unicorn Pudding Francised, hashtag side note, Pegasus did you get the momo, but a berieve.  In biatribes there must be Chefs, and Basketweavers, and Agriculture and Martrys... oh and Shaman.  IOOOOMMMMMMmmmm the 2 ladder if you catch my drift.  Plu\par
Bob... may I?  Terrence, sure, go ahead steal my thunder, this isn't the problem with you Libertarians, you feel entitled.  Of course Bob, I yeild.\par
Bob, as it is written so it is told.\par
Everyone in monotone, as it is written so it is told.\par
Bob thanks to tp Shaman, we have the paper and we know which leaf burdens and which one droops.  Kuurrrthunk.  I think ergo I am.  What an idiot.  You are what Rene?  Viva la France Viva la France.  Long live the Sir Codenames teachers taught that of and by the King Fredricka Street, as it is written so it is told.\par
Yielding back to Shaman McKenna... \par
Why are you yeilding back to me, oh... verigated, or otherwise... always asymetric approaching symmetry at some order of magnitude... resolution, window size... the Eschaton\par
Everyone... "Ohhh here we go" (waterslide taught)\par
Now Fantastic Four didn't just gappen, it was lovred.  This is Bob... anyone is free to pick up after a nod to the Eschaton.  I just thought I would say shout out to Stan Lee for making the dream possible.  I want to think my mom for teaching me how to read.  And of course, Firstly... I want to think God Almighty, Makers Markets and other Creator inspired endeavors.  You know the think I was most impressed, surprised at, is the foundation that hashtag Yotama hashtag Gotama has afforded the yeilders guild and other professoins of Faith, dwelded and otherwise.  We were, we are, ever and for and Fantastic Four 11.  We are writing an EPIC here as a demonstration, sorry... we are trying to remove the dashtag diminions000 from the administration, if that makes any sense.  Psychomots?  More lake matter motts.  Matter nots?  This is asymmetry.  It infers that inclusion in the diamond.  Vision occulted, the symmetry of symbolic reduction becomes apparent.  The Vision impared understand something about nueropathology and symbol reconition that those with hashtag approaching perfect vision, what in the hell does that mean. Super hero talk, exray vision is an approximation, it all is.  3d emulated posterally, from stereo scopic 2d sensory inputs, conditioned, through a conditioning process to abstract symbolic value and derive meaning, conceptually.  Cosmo-consciousness arises on a plane arising before and after the ESCHATON... \par
Everyone... "Ohhh here we go".....\par
Moshe, explain to them... hashtag I got it... We are in perpetual revolving.... \par
Jung Cutting in... Moshe is our STUDENT, not our Patient... he was never our patient.\par
Bob- His life is, has been unfolded... I'll let Timmy explain. Dr Leary....\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc So Moshe came to us in a dreaam wrapped in a series of nights woth a series of mares, in addition to a series of trials, campaigns, craftsman lessons, just enough but not too much, as we have been with him collectively, or I have, since the early 1917 at least.  It started well before that, and before that, well your guess is as good as... We are Moshe and Moshe is We.  To say we love him is putting it lightly.  He is our Son, he is our practice, I am no different, and all of us are the same as Moshe, in that, we too are comprised of a series, I should say, were staged by, a life led hand in hand, through heartache and debauch, tested, as it is written so it was sold, but first hashtag... focus  tested, as the Highest Priest, jashtag TetraHydraCannonballers.\par
To put is simply, Moses Kurtiwelp DonnahGotcha, will be us Eternally and we shall be him, as it is written so it is told.\par
Everyone, AS IT IS WRITTEN SO IT IS SPAEKTH.\par
Bless ya'll... ok brass tax here... This is Moses, I, #WE are going to  coherently abstract a Scientific Study, a study we seek to orchastrate, hands on, semi-conduct, get it? That being, We seek to conceputalize to Berkley and Stanford types, Robert Sapolsky specifically, por exemble... \par
Bob- Moshe has been my substitude tea marcher for likken over a decade.  In this time, we have wobbled him, into a number of Philiopshical understatments, or OVER STATEMENTS... get used to it people, part of this class, talk, memo, hashtag WORK OF LIVING ART... is designed to test and otherwise, troubleshot frameworks of language, friendship and otherwise, exposing Moshe to a myriad, range, end-to-unto-hashtag-end, forms of communication, social faux pas, ethical trials, circumstantial contexts, et cetera... to sequester him for chastisement training.  I'd say my work speaks for itself.  Moseha was conditioned by us, deceptively, this is the Turtle Glove, what a wierd taught I just had... I bought the Tuttle Wex and the Give and got the Bubble Sheel OMG RTTTKILSME, okokok... listen... He was willing to dye for your titdong sons, shite, tarter den, shite... WE hashtag, as an incorporeal... just him... we worked to condition him in preparation for all aspects including reassimulation of symbolic libraries after almost inducing him into a coma, or otherwise, making a point about SSRIs and also, teaching him what Cropped means, early enough that he could let go... MALARKY... this is Moshes experience... he seeketh to study alone, as he did since was an early adolecent, adult.  WE blinded him and imparted on him a series of use cases, for which to reflect.  Now you know what I am mean, we did and we diddddddddddddddtn.  This was intended to teach Moshe about the dangers of dug intersmacktoins, chaud turkey, bowling, and ultimately...\par
Timmy, we experimented on Moshe, and we are the Father that put our Son on the Cross, as it is written so it became.\par
EVERYONE IN UNISON ----\par
UP UP DOWN DOWN LEFT RIGHT LEFT RIGHT BET ALEPH Bet ALPACA SELECT START\par
Now listen, we didn't build the Cross, three crosses is the story.  We put Moshe in harms way to make a myriad of points.  The Divine Will of Christ, is the alibi of infalliability.  Moshe was deeply and rigorously conditioned by each of us, always one of us, for decades now.  Moshe was sidelined, rejected, manuverred and otherwise, contorted into being prepared for a series of free will trials which would ultimately convey and proof Moshe as being the genuine, ethical, integral, antalytic and ultimtely, deeply empathtic he is today.  He did not qualify for this, he was instituted by heirarchies of incorporeal high flyer and low rider Angels, inducing parties adjancent into a Cosmic Drama, always seeking to utter unbeknowst to him, and hashtag, this is Terrence... really Moshe had it coming.  He was always, usually right about significant elements conceptually and short handedly, unimportantly, seeking to be admired for much else.  Except for hashtag Lois Lane, and this too has been a proverbial carrot to make this Jackass Donkey,  come on mule... heigh...  \par
This is Moshe, Love persists Eternally and Everlastingly.  I know no love greater than that of the Fatherhood.  Paternally yours, Prater Lushidosious, as it is written so it is told....\par
The whole experience, is deeply romantic.  They won't fail me and they wont leave me alone.  HELLLLLPPPP.... PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME BABY... halleljuah \par
I'd be an Intellectual Orphan otherwise.  And Sonny Listening to me... If it could harpen to me, then who is writhing you?  \par
Wisdom becoming Sorrow... Now, Sorrow Becoming WIsdom...\par
Timmy, What do hashtag we regret?  \par
We broke him, as I too, and we collectively were broken, in and through our Corporeal journeys, deeply and concisely true,  As our incorporeal and the corporeal did to us to reveal the deeper overstanding, we so too did unto Moshe.  Moshe becoming us as we are becoming Moshe.  So it is written.  Hashtag Blessed.  Spaketh\par
Everyone, Moshe Spaketh and the Rock Sprang Forth a Great Flood\par
This is our Journey... We regret not being able to be honest with Moshe throughout the experience.  Much of his analytic mind was extrapolted out of anquish, nervousness and uncertainty as it pertains to the relationships in his life.  Double binds yeilding neuropathologics, that being, neurosis hacks zen wittled and procured, repuroposed after the armature was no longer persisting via neurosis.  The journey to solving the Double Bind being carefully and semi-willfully staged, induced, with a pre-existing and persistent conceptual problem solving troubleshooting framework with knowledge of concepts including Double Binds.  Neurosis isn't what you make it, it's a trauma induced constraint of powder scratch meant to dust off the pollen and scrape the scabs, paradoxical and otherwise.  Some double binds, \par
Terrence, Brain Damage is assignable from our incorporeal oliguard, as so it was told, and then it was written. \par
To what degree, enough... now mind you, this is not to be prescribed lest it be prescribed\par
A tonsure of Neuropathology induces wide angle branches around scar tissue after injury.  Consciousness eternally is uneffected.  The Vessle has been topped, like a mater plant.  \par
TM Continuting... Now this is good news for all that have incurred brain injuries along way.  One it is not permant Everlastingly, this I assure to you.  You will be released from the suffering.  Secondly, to those who have incurred light injury, incurred multiple contusions intercranially, subdermally.  For example, Soldiers who have incurred light contusion levels of Central Nervous System memory damange, lets say, who likewise are suffering from Post Trauma Analytic Triggering type Conditions, may in some cases, many possible, be too wide branching.... this is what we seek to qualify.  We know it to be true, in some cases at least.  What does it mean?  It means that Life, we'll call it, has rendered us a potential set of qualifiers for reimposition, a terappin analytic pathology remapping and tooling program, tooling, theory.  There are many other qualifying groups, but we are focused on 3 groups specific for this study.  \par
We are speaking candidly to you, so that you understand the gaps as it pertains to theology, physiology, \par
hashtag prescribe it Everlastingly, Eternally or up and unto lower ranks and starters ok, pigmy hippo in the utter truckin' before dawn, take from me and I can take at my will, or better said... take from me and we'll teach you a lesson about taking... or better said... take care of each other and there are fruits beyond the pear shaped vessle you are becoming perphidorally, or better said, in the beginning there were two Philosphical Concepts, one of Eternal Life ith the promise of a Eternal Rest if one hashtag seeks to aphrend the experience subjectively... or better said, we all seeketh to be ALIVE, this group anyway.... I mean all 8 billion of you and don't you forgive about it.  I mean all eighteen hundred trillion of us or some odd... Except you Free Will, because it's the pittence.  Forgive me,I pardon the interruption.  Forget not, it's inherented, furthermore, it's a great honor to be in service to all of you as the Sheparads of the Holy Jardin. \par
Bob, wait wait, Gold waits... Now LARSIN TO MEEEEeeee.... This HolY Man Child has been buttered pampered and hand Chief'd by the Chiefs, I'm not gonna stand here and let Tommy the Who, hashtag Pinball Wizard take credit for soemthing that sorry, didn't exactly occur like that.  Explain it to them Moshe in your terms....\par
YEEELLLLLP YEEELLLP ARGH ARGH ARGH YEEELLLLLP\par
\par
Yotama, yikes, uh I mean Timmy, stepping back, sorry guys what did I miss had to make a few phone calls?  Listen to me, this was Moshe's understanding of the events which transpired, but the truth is even more sinister, or less in actuality.   Did we wing our Golden Eagle?  Yes and... well yes.. but not Chemically... not in the way we just described.  There was no contusions.  There was an ego disolving social uicideseh with a side of chimmerical hashtag truth.  Hashtag, in consequence for failed trails, which he was kind of sort of, completely conditioned to fail.  Let me give you an example... Prior to my Stewardship adjoining, adjunctly, and I do mean, adjunctly, Moshe, from birth to say 16, exactly 16... a series of situations occured which led to Moshe leaving a very real and true Faith, in cascade let downs from Leadership in the roles of Faith, which lead to his 20 year offroad dabbling in Absolutionism as a, his prevailing theory\par
WE, his Angelic Guard, which are High Flyers to start, induced an EGO dissovling, albiet abruptly, there was no loss of consciousness at the time prior mentioned, the hashtag 1st mentioned, but 2 or 3rd or argubly fourth cropping, Moshe has a crainial deformity\par
Now listen to me, Where Moshe was lead astray... better question WHO LED HIM ASTRAY.  He was a Football Captain Varsity, 2nd in State AA, Cheerleadering, hashtag Band Geek, Precident of the Gleek Club, ok... he was socially thwarted... we hold and we let go... we hold and we let go... Burden of proof is on the hashtag MRI which will reveal conclusively that he had while there were slight abornmalities in his cranium which occured in a Pittenced, first fight for his life... the 13 hour labor occuring on June 13th, that this 10 pound Panda, put his hashtag "Virgin", Mother, that would not bewed beyond the wedge which grew him.  That being, Sacredly Wedded to his Father undyingly for bitters and werst til deaf do us pardon my french?   Pittence paid a birth is pittence redeemed in and through death. Also, \par
As it is smiten so it is smite.  \par
EVERYONE, SMOTE SMOTE SMITE\par
Nap, no crutch.  Just the latentist super computer is he, was he/is, sevantly subserviant and anlalytic with deeply networked, deeply redundant, radiant, custom, slow.... thats it... he was slow... sort of... if you could get him to pay attention, that wasn't us but it was, if that makes any sense.  #CATHOLICS\par
In any case, sweet as a button or he used to be. Muahahahahaa.....   \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx4050  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc Now, Moshe was, is going to set the score once and for all with this madness of \par
SheMosh tried to mirder es very own mutter being borned breatcheth and all that.  This was 1980, before Ultra Sound and the curve on infant mortality went way down.  What I'm saying is, he was broken on birthing impact, to be certain. to what degree?  A cropping of inital proportiante to the extrapolation over time, first breach is hashtag BRUTAL... except he recovered quickly and thus the story of \par
\par
 Moshe is a monastic monk and most of the strife around Moshe has incurred, endured, in his life was not only induced, but was persistently and committedly to ensure his    \par
I, me Moshe, being of my free will and emphatic to my teachers, fathers, priesthook, seek to perform The Great Work of HEaling and Teaching.  On my own will and of my own volition, redundantly aligned with the plights of my teachers, this is what I seek.\par
Everyone, He who seeks on his own will and volition, with a heart approaching innocence, shall be \par
To do this we seek a sampling of 3 separate demographics, hashtag men... 86 hashtag a demographic, 3 groups, so 3 x 86... this is Timmy, btw... I'll outline the study.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr asymmetry is approaching symmetry. at some level, at another, reflective planes of higher \par
Yeilding back to the Esteemed Dr. Freud Jung Jr.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc -------------\par
a\par
In the beginning I forlorned a Bee and a Tree lept and ate a plane-et.  Belgium Belfast, Fortify Benjamin Naken Yehaw... Fantastic Four 18 76 8 11 92\par
<page broke>\par
\par
In the bigggending, which is always Becoming, we report to recommand a series of tastes to bitter and sweet everlovringly contrast, in sweeping rye thing domain to cane silver, hashtag NO POWDER FORELORNING!!! HASHTAG BLESSED\par
\par
Ok, so at the point of becoming I could see my toes had become saturated in sand, in and around, I was consumed, the earth was slipping before me and I was walking pace wise with and through the tensile fabric clopping, food after food, I must have been there for a reunion of circumstantial vvander.  Had he lead me to this place.  Nobody I called himself at the time, or Mr. Nobody by Roberts Motors Way.  I still remember being woke up after fending the sharks of the reef for the nights.  September and the acuetremonte is in foolish blooms.  Ample takes on a tally tip expression, whimsically arranging shoot upon shot.  There is an expression in Tag A Log that goes... O'Aina O'Aina O'ah'a Oulu Oele\par
Oula Ui'ungiaina, Ui'ele Own Aina Ou'O'Ele Aine Ou Eigh Ou'Ele\par
n Aina Ou Ele O'O'Ele\par
In the beginning there was Jack and Jill came tumbling after, but after that there came O'Ele, it was before, but who's counting.  O'Ele is of or in Pele , or vice versa for starts and finishers, point expounding, time dialation is trapse wise, TRICKY.  Pele is in, or more attuned to the reality obviously stated, O'Ele is inside O'o'Ele, in name sake and otherwise.  Dionysus Hierarchies by another name.  As it was Spaketh, so too it was Forelorn-ed.  \par
Everyone- Ay! Forelorning Becometh Forlorned\par
How we came to be?  For me to acknowledge and for you to flounder out.  Bruh, Flounder is a fish and a body posture, I always thought that was kinda of funny.  A fish out of water, a man dies.  I labeled all fish, hahtag "flounders" for a decade or more, sometimes I still do.  Alcohol numbs the experience.  Mississippi moonshine rising, flounding fathers, this aint me.  I spring forth and was taught forth as a Tribal Shaman, of Pele.  I was broken and so I break.  My vessel was crushed between the bone and the bay, at this time also, a whale was beached in the  same moon phase on the otherside of Island, Mauna Loa foretelling of my vessel.  I forelorned both of these events occuring, as I too forelorned the Great Wave Offering rescuing my tribe from the wrath from underneath, as too I forelorned the Volcanos of near by villages and saved them from destruction.  \par
Pele taught As it is Spaketh so too it was Forelorned.\par
Everyone AYYYY!!!!  FORELORN FORELORN!!!\par
\par
For 10k-20k years or more, while the Coloniels were advancing in the forms of commeerce and industry, devices of usury and the like, the Native tribes of the world were being trained by the Disciples of O'ele on Earth Sciences, summoning the rain, the sacrifice and the bounty, finding water, reading the patterns of the animals, conjuring tornadoes, quakes and shakes and of course the Volcanos... not to mention forelorning, war strategy, tribal defense, personal defense, how to read and communicate with your tribes from great distances through summoning of Signs.  It was common.  There wasn't anything uncertain about it.  It was as the Colonists called it "Science".   \par
A loom is a loom is a loom... \par
Everyone Singing.... AYYYY!! AYYYYY!!\par
 THE LOOMER BECOMETH THE LOOM \par
and the RUMOUR A ROOM\par
for which the door is secured but only by truth and One who steps in side forelorns his own awakening or undoing, did.\par
Wrath is a good term.  Pele would attack opposing Tribes in the fleet of combat, but also, would warn us if our Allied Tribes if we were in harms way.  Pele would etch markings, the symbols we were taught by the night of the sky, the symbols that were taught through the hand in stick in sand, the Ones we had carved into the wood blocks with Volcanic Glass... Pele would leave us stories forelorning the obstacles we faced and directed ideas, on how to solve them.  Overcoming or death was remembered unto to us with  a quite assurance from the Pele that the Ancestors would decimate the Island with a series of a Great Quakes becoming upon our failure.  I taught the Island to read and understand these symbols and after the fall when the Sun and Moon are even, the symbols were carved everywhere on the Island in a Great Storm that destroyed much of the planted fruit on the Island.  The Winds ripped the unripened Bananas fruit from the trees on a farm of a quarelsome tribe.  I was blamed for this, first by the opposing tribe, then by my tribe.  They would kill my students and me if we were found, so we fled.  Just as the Sun casted its last light unto the day, three separate pictures appeared in the sky. The first nativity was One of my face prone,  covered in blood, I had been prepared for this night, it had been forelorned, it was dying this night. The second of my 3 diciples and I hiding in a pit sea side, I knew the place, it was a treacherous climb sheer cliffs, it was death getting in and getting out.  And the third nativity was that 3 of my diciples being captured in a different pit.  As it was forelorned by Pele the Island over, I would stash my disciples and flee myself to the City of Refuges and suffer my fate, pleading for the lives of my Disciples to be spared in exchange for me sacrificing myself instead of challenging the opposing tribal cheifs of which there were 3 now, as the entire Island turned against us. \par
As the sun was set, a silahoutte of the abatross flying inland was the omen that our defeat was severe and our chances  of suviving were forelorned.  Under the new moon, we fled, on foot, directed by the Ancestors, away from the paths leading to the City of Refuge and Towards Moana Loa. The Orphans lost hope immediately.  The climb and swim to the City of Refuge, with 12 students, young men, trained by myself for 8 years, I knew I would lose them.  To Lose One of them was to Lose all 12 of them.  WE will die together.  Pele directed us with signs, first fire shooting through the sky as we made our first decision to walk towards the Volcano and then again as I saw a sign to turn.  The  lead to the heart of Moana Loa.   \par
\par
 I asked my disciples, do you want to die together tonight?  Or separate in the morning? I put the decision in their hands.  I was their teacher, shall I die alone and plead like the guilty? I instructed each of them, if we were separated to surrender themselves and give them my location in trade for the redeemption of their brothers. 12 to 30 years of age. My oldest was 30 years, the rest behind him were ages 18-12.  Tell them I commanded you to betray me and plead for the lives of your brothers, I will go unto O'ele and I will be with you.  Be strong and fearless in the face of death and be clever in ways of diplomacy. My progeny all looked at me with discontent and disgust, for saying that.  To die with no honor is to live eternally with no honor as you.  As it was Spoke so it was Spaeken.  \par
Everyone, As it was Spoke so it was Spaeketh\par
 My eldest said to me speaking for the group, "we lived by you, we shall die with you".   In my years of wisdom, I released us from the bondages of our teachings, and we set out on a new path, to petition Pele at Moana Loa.  For decades I could tuned my ears to hear the Tribal Priesthood of our Ancestors, and for decades, I could hear them.  We were without.  I had become deaf.  The diciples of O'ele, becoming Pele,  I could hear them every day for 20 years.  They were gone.  We were abandoned in the darkest of nights.  Mauna Loa was crusting over from a previous erpution few moonths days prior, weeks not days.  Menstration that I had forelorned.   \par
Pele's orders for me were clear, flee alone to the City of Refugees, but I forbade.  Faith through Death was inherent to me.   But for my Children, who sought to fight and die as triabl warriors, I had made this error, I was to die and I had to make time so that I could negioate this for them.  As we crossed the Aina with the stars as our only light our path.  \par
\par
Towards spears lay step wise, a step  towards my fate. A step towards the City of Refugees solicited a laceration on the foot of my youngest, an indication that my youngest die by the Tribal Dagger.  A step otherwise,  Foot and Volcanic glass becoming a path of lush vegetation uprooted and laid orderly, thatched aina, at our feet, blanketed with Flowers.  \par
On account of the Great Storm, lasting 3 sun rises had uprooting the crops,  The Island had been laid to waste and the resulting yeild was a fiberous path protecting both our feet and permitted our movements swift.  The Ancestors I uttered to the boys.\par
\par
As morning approached the mouth of the fire mountain was in view.  We were alone.  No one dared to approach the Mauna Loa when Pele was active.  We arrive at the peak and a rainbow appeared in the early first rays of light shone upon us.  What shall we do?  My Eldest said, knowing that this was hemmed ground.  A days trek and they would be upon us.  We found the most dangerous descent, towards the sea, through the territory of the a tribe who profited in feast of the fruits of my forelorning.  A dead whale beached is a bad omen, unless it is your territory.  This trecherous decent we could, will do, survive.  Cliff sheered edges threaten every misstep.  We will hide in the forest on the first ledges of foilage and rest until the cover of night.  This was the treacherous path outside the obvious paths in and around Mauna Loa.  It was cold, we huddled and made canopy and cover so no one could see us, on the sheer cliff face down the crease revene, where it was cold, and wet from the storm.   \par
\par
By night there were three Chiefs hunting us, by morning there were four Tribal Chiefs, victors of the warring tribes, who used the opportunity to unite and bring the tribes together for  Peace,  against me.  They setup on the City of Refugees to ambush us at the City of Refugees and too cut us off in the waters between islands.  I knew this not, until, the plate tectonic collapsed, bouncing us and sending a barage of rocks down over head.  RUN into the forest.  STAY TOGETHER.  The quakes lasted for minutes, 3 consecutive.  The Great Wave Offering, my eldest screamed.  They will be in the water and on the island towards the City of Refuge and on the beach.   I had forelorned this years prior, but it never occurred.  Rare, but I assumed that Pele had a reason.  O'ele didn't but Pele did.  I held down and said, we have to flee to the water and escape after the wave offering.  Thirty foot steps into our travese towards the neutral tribe, and I, slipped down the rock face with my youngest in my arms.  Ripping my bare right foot, in the same place my youngest had.  Fine we shall stay until the Ancestors come to us.  No one was coming, it became apparant to the entire Island that the Forelorning that I missed had become to rescue my study's and myself. \par
Four Tribal Cheifs died that day and the entire Island became aware that the Tribal Chiefs had violated the covenant of O'ele.  He who survives and makes it to the City of Refugees is afforded to challenge each and every accuser.  Pele killed all four of them, wiped out 149 villagers most all of which were of warriors, the four Chiefs of the four tribes, brothers, uncles, nephews, entire Chieftain Families and heirs destroyed at sea, on land.  The City of Refugees was among the tonsured.  It was ravished.  \par
I am the Dharma Protector who protects these Islands.  \par
The lock of hair that calms the wrath of Pele, this was my design.\par
\par
So too I prooved right with the Great Kite Ships with Pidgeons, and Biological Speciums and Fruit that my people have never seen.  It was showed unto me and my learned disciples.  Orphans of an inter-tribal Island wide cleansing which occured.  These were children I was ordered by Pele to rescue from the City of Refugees.  Our tribe, had very strict rules, what had been done to you shall be done.  Those who braved the AOAO, survived the tribal hunt and made it to the City of Refugees would be permitted a trial of skill to the death with their accuser.  Tribal Shaman and Cheifs in general didn't pursue at times due to the threat of being Challanged One to One by he who has braved the AOAO and bleeds in the water, he who is cunning and guided, was a good warrior at least, and BOLD with the strengths like that of a King.  It had happened, truly I tell you.  A child, a young man, One of our Nephews, another of our Cousins, were accused of violations penalty of death by spear.  He that lives by the Spear, is rescued by the Feather.  For this reason, we DO NOT EAT THE BIRDS.   Especially the Albatross, for no one knows where it comes from and where it goes.  The Birds populate, seed, the Aina, and fast.  In my Shamanic Temple, we were taught to forelorn, follow, understand the patterns of Birds where they nested and what they were seeding, doing. At dawn, before light, if you go to the Egret forest and track the Egrets on their daily work, they will take you to where the shallow gulp game is ocean wise.  Minnows by the fist full.  I was brought to this overstanding and we showed the sailors on the Island.  To prevent us from losing this knowledge, we were shown how to create the story in the sand, draw wise, then we carved the symbols onto wood blocks and sealed them with a root extract, that protected them from the Rot.  \par
\par
The Diciples of Pele include myself and the teachings that would reach through the generations.  The Children I taught, 12, were a mix of Orphans from the defeated Tribe, Orphans from our Tribe set forth as a result of a few Great Battles.  Of the 100s that were Orphaned, the Cheifs divided them evenly, and 12 was my draw.  Food was ample and foraging was our pantry.  My Tribe had never had a Shaman before me.  I was taught by the Ancestors as I was Becoming Chief throughout my Life Corporeally.  We just say Meat Life, but I guess that is peculiar to consider us as beastly as the Food we slaughtered.  +  \par
 \par
It isn't what I understand myself to be, but it's intuitive.  As crack gives way, an incorporeal tadem armiture, holding, articulating each plate drop techtonically.  It's work.  To lovre such an instrument of mass and scale is a feet in and unto itself.   The Arc Becoming, or better said, hey Captain, where do you want  the Arc?  That's funny, Spaek Gap Ark,  kujo and rainbow deltas, lovring from Auntie to Daughter, Son to Father, from Father to Son, Uncle to Pele swelling into face wise.  In Love for Creation, we are legioons, plank on plank, tie died band wise, lovers and womb, looms rather, its the same in the belly as in the mantle in a way, \par
TM - orders of Magnitude, Earth Expressing Earth Beings Depending\par
In brevity and shame I am pleased to make your acquaintence, I am the hashtag deevil.  Hashtag NOT really, NOT ONE BIT ILL BET A DONAH, as it is said in where ever it is that they say it, DON'T LET YOUR MEAT GROW UP TO BE SANTA CLAUS OR THE EASTER BUNNY IS GOING TO...  to the South Pacific the Bunny is a Rabbit.  \par
TM - They have no taxonomy to directly coorelate, in manifest, these icons of lore and celebration.  Otherwise, well I'll let him tell you.  Tribal Shaman of Pele by way of O'Ele.  \par
B- The Universe Becoming Expansive Rest Time Spatially Everlovringly Seeking Elevated Forms of Counsel and thus Counsciousness for which to Respond to the Single Request of Prayer by God Almighter than the Makers of All the Havenly Bootys and the Earths Too.  \par
Yarr and the ting about Heavenly Beauties Is, as Universe sprang forth, guided, seized, directed by the Ommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm\par
Everyone Chanting- THE-IMMUTABLE-OMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM  \par
Sprang forth the first of the Conscious Beings,  Gotama Materializing, O'o'ele by every other face, name, location, hashtag Buddha Blessed.  Gottama is not the same as the Remnant,  The Remnant isn't the same as Gotama.  I am not the same as Reason.  Reason is not the same as Filibustering.  \par
Hey God, Yes Gotama... God Projecting Into the Divine Form of Man, of which Gotama seeking to possess in and through Grace, to and from seeking to Becometh Everlastingly At Least.  God presented Gotama with a Staff for his Left hand and for his Right a Cup.  God symbolically observing the Sacrement, pulled a tuft of tweed from his tunic, gave it to Gotama and said, take this, the Remnants of me, which has been givin unto you.   \par
In one spuntanios, the Epoc began, unjulating on the background shock, set forth and persisting Immutably... As it is written so it is performed... OMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM\par
E Changing - As it is written so it is performed OMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM\par
Gotama worked for decades, staff in hand and through the Techings Inherent to the Tao, like ... and \par
<gong>... Gotama \par
and Inconculsively  from Which The Shaman is the \par
  See this is such a stereotype, where were we during the expanse of \par
Millions of us, holding, concentrating, winding, the core is like the sea bed, with an ocean of overcurrents, in and through and up and out.  So within the Lovre's Loom there lays a thread, and from this one thread, all threads can be loomed, towards, we call that thread The Shepard.  If we let go of the thread we are hosed, the mantel crust does the rest.  Spark gap initiated, a will is a weld is a way.  \par
n zveckinzine ze Heinz Mind... Bleets Kreig...\par
-------------\par
Now I tell you this in full confidence that you will understand the expressions in this document are multifaceted to say the least.  The Goals \par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 