{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 fully disqualifying discloverleafs and other magical artifacts which will get you hashtag excommunicated and otherwise, shadow banned from the Ch-ch.  \par
Golden Rods and other staves pertaining to powder lorning.  hashtag NO POWDER LORNING\par
Boolean Advertising Marketing Schemes Meant to target and\par
about faces\par
A Porters Piss Rearming rebuff- Eyyy this is mismatch pendantic suffering in as much as a consciousness guided being cutied off at the tail of the punch, that being in and of being, at being eternally, a recursion of visorus or vicarious buffering, rebuffering, a time dialation exploitation if I've ever seen one; of said meta splice, filtered and diced, and thus rigoursly geeked out and masured (MA-chsured) , blastaged weighted and bleens, a generation of nv cloud, mingeing it with wave synthethesis guided geometrically superimpositions categorically, syntatckfully rebuffing, presuming meaning from symbolic apature, syre is and it isnt, it is the utterimpudence of inference and thus arranging measurably as a sort of typial counter farad conceptually, as hashtag vestibuled inn 0800 o'clock there clicks 3 not on target, bounty wise, fresh faced and gallyfinacking circus tunes, per no requirement no thesbians without or beyond this pint at least, otherwise lovreing hastag details withstanding.  \par
Now gnarlier than it may seem, funeral pire wise, and utterwise, dominitaughtary jointed forms eternititual, perpetutively everlastingly at lisenberry, holter socicians and other climate scientologists, hare by and fortitutidiously striken by the Partheon and fake Partheons made of manufactured a part of tide sprobikjen, that being crimson, a horn byany utter utterence is also a Patriarchy?  \par
The Seems Go with the Seems and the Shippers go in and through the Ports, as they go, so they will go.  Not exclusively mind you, a hint if I've ever seen one.  A diesinger, Am I? I AM \par
The Pyranese with the Pyranese, mostly, the Captain with the funeral marchers, stains, or will be Captains, in some cases mind you, the lites with the Elustrious, the Shaman with the Mao, etc.\par
  Upon a bridge there are two fires which burn.  One which will dry and cure the fibers and one that will burn the bridge.  We are these two fires.  In exoberence we are Gratefully Dead to make your acquainance.  ElllllllllAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH \}\}:;=)\par
 know now lest i know on that mend the pine kind of kindleton grace, the farmer that purifies, orangeo toenails rebuked, shame knows not a vingerous shaman, lettus on the deep end reviaval complex, furhter and henchmen wizen forth knoweth not in elze vizen else twerp wisen of hosen to laden in grace, for hence not than we move not, lest we shovel tghee we shoveleth together, in once a way, in aways,  in some all else wise, seeketh not lestt thee be choosen and leadeth us in Grace.   If if's Grace, else wise vat is Grace in Faith hein furer. if if's Grace, else whise, Grace, what can I otter?  \par
Beseeched thee ba'alestramos diabimose as un Petradore eso es muy en Abrham tambien eso es Loto in temperance, in Utterence, behavioual hemms forth and of el and thus elvvizen, a pattern of the park a pissin in propeitarily and else wizen, behaviorally seeketh not the treasure, lest thee betroven.   Elfhozen, a great mystory will play hout beholdin youeth the keeper master and thus when is Rome alv-lays of s\par
In Jame of Lutherivarians and pendandite types hooven Goethe againsteth else wise, the grainular of doctrine, hashgtag doctorine that binds us together Vvile keeperething useth apart, or so as they might say, das es Leaderhozen and zaid vvery RRRULEZZZ vhich must be followed or eisen high vow doo vooo know Provessor Vvilhelm Reich, high ale fight.  Titying to Kelp again, the darkingening beofre darknight, incringing.... SPOOOOKIE!!!! \par
\par
a pint of piss a porters' puff\par
he said grumbling, as he pinballed from one fabrication to another, eternally, ever-lastingly at least, outting the being behind the bar with both a sense of he that bears the truthfulness and both too has a lewd sence of penmans ship, as if it werent him informing us, you and me, we unilaterally and with an err of humility, as if to sayeth so, \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc WHY WOULD ANYONE LIE ABOUT SUCH A MARK SAYETH PHRASE... but also such wisen, por que would he seeketh the greatest of atteasement terms for which to sayeth.  Was he trying to provoke otherwise and, or inform of the illest of miners the daughters of damnbraham nor the snakes of fecal puddiners in every other terminology outright, his bias was and wasnt obvious, his truth and convinction aligned, but the message... the God Damned message was and I repeat "Jo-neyney saidethunto meh... a pint of piss of porters' puff".   "Fornieducators" grumbling and lisbons be hooved, be damned away from me you tyrant spoof.  "For what has been cursed upon you shall not and will no futher be puff-ed on to or unto me again, I shall reason away and thus walk again unfettered and rightgeously unpuffed in the light and otherwise, turn away.  He said unto me, what a priq, you mean you said in otherwords.  Pedantic serial killer clowns from outer space are occulting in and through syntactical and otherwise grammatic arguments, tit for tating instead of space jamming, for and otherwuses say unto you, spurier hitlers with your two time rag tag muffin busters, both lornging, forelorning and winging, lornwinded and otherwise devoid of any "necessary" wit or uttureswise unfashionable faux pas contextual use of langugage argumentatively categorically speaking or otherwise rebuffed, but i negress.  (pedantic side strangler, compute wise or can hAHTAG becoming, but i digress) Regression but for an r and inplace an n, the recurisive nature of all gressions is both concrit and intersteller as most of you are well aware hashtag this is a most wise, generous and sophsticated audience, as you mught be aware.  .  But I digress, to egress divergently, again pandentic, re-de-di-do-duh-dum-pro-ginny-egress...  and a 1 and a, We are talking about bifurification at least always, as a metaphor and or a literal baseline example of 2d planer abstraction, delination, approaching hyperbole in complexity, scalability, computablility hasthag knowledge, the mystress of my mystress who i,  the one who have cometh, whom i distrust and find without yada yada yada.... you get it... bueno mississippippipo inelegible down field, wait, a full back by any othername, so fantastic 8...  and utmost worthy, the gate of gates by any other and every other name, as you are well aware.  Two and I do mean secondarily, iteration is inherent categorically in egress so to speeak.  Let us just husk one, egress is to igress, paleopatholititurgically recursive and thus iterative.  Now, let us all fully embark an understanding in humility and age-stay ick-ney-may tea otra ves, theater or as itz zain zaid in Aisenshine Zvvisseland, to fully embrace this phonetic neuro-linqustic thought virius which has been sullied unto you view must seeketh not lest thee doeth undoing becoming the wrath as it is written so it is told.  snow to snow lithopain protogelital in the bowwelsoidercide, ventuvious 36 19 14 4 18 6 13 19 17 14 22 18 16 4 or otherwise 13 hashtag blessings  \par
Piss, pissing, pisses I sayeth unto you. \par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 I AM THE POTTERS SON\par
In the beginning, I'm going to try to make this as prestinely and intently or otherwise, forsook and known in fewer utterences that have been uttered unto me, the Royal We, the time keepers keeper, the landslide before the puddin' reign, the fantastic fourteen even, 1142 if you're doing it.  But I digress, divergently, as I was saying, bi-fury and well fury in general, put the peddlers wax in the mumets beavers woven, for lack of a better term, "BUT I DIGRESS AGAIN", perhaps or perhaps not, it your choosen obviously, \par
"I'M NOT GOING TO SIT HERE OR STAND FOR THAT MATTER AND SAY OTHERWISE OR LIKEHORN OR ANYWAY WISE DONUT, ET CETERA... and this bears repeating...."\par
singing   BEAARS FNG SUCK and I return BEARS SUCK!! it wasnt always this way, back when the doleies were on tense tense, nudge nudge, it hits like gravy, linebacker weak in the knees, stunt double mumbo jambaree, a Bardstown funeral by any other name.  You see they are returning? Bear population... a Hunter told me so.  \par
\par
If ever there was a Porters worth his Pot, it would be "Get the Potters Son a Port" , he's an ambivalanching on every terapine on every corner of every discipline, "if I see a crack, I'm calling it", running on the gambit, of processes and processes dependent, as he says "if your Porters John is cracking, there will be hell to pay, its a grimy situation to say the least, something about septic gases making Jerry's kids sick with malasis, What the bit?  The Pots a Pissin' the Poters Pote?  As in Poteable or Poted maybe?  Now listen, these hookies (not Jerry's Kids) were high as a kite or otherwise,  Killers on the loose in all dimensions, all within range and scope of stastical normality, but  otherwise formidable and I'm talking macroscopic at least. Endrocrine televersal, some just got a case of the rot dumps, feeling wise, real. A case of the wind-me-downs, and caterer crashes before house dipthpool taverus, now dont quote me on this im not a doctor, but I did stay at a Halifax diner where tyfoid and derifrienzied, dipthpool is like a lettering for DNA-RNA dictaphone encoding RNA wise except the whirly dervy is glownish girvly or ganly, but n\ul attering is of the nettle, as so to navel as tea is to the cradle\ulnone .   Trending now, hashtag fleshlight eating beckteria.  This is a real epidemic, there are today, hundreds if not millions of men, who are subject to risks related to one of these scrambler dash type gals, 'they' put nuterreredly in a headlined vice and I REPEAT "they are still trying to get the thumb out".  Jaws of Life and Death, again I know a guy, that knows a guy, capeeshe, hashtag 'they' are maneating otherwise decent gentalmanly skawler...   \par
No not like la bob, but yes...  as it is said in whoever's land that said it first.. "curiosity killed the cat, but the cat never measured me and as such bothered me not much", in as much as i do understand, i just dont care.. "here we go...".  Lessons great and far beknownst and obviously beyond the knowledge of comprehension lending to productization of conceptual apprehention, leave us to conclude that I am speaking to you now, causally and thus retro-casually through a time redux overlap of flamboyishly neo-preproponated in and through the time spin interwebually continuititously optional, hashtag plausible. Either that or neither nor perhaps a box of rock has elevated to the role of engineer or psuedo space commander again, as in flamboyish box of rock came one more prior #plausible #did.  I know not lest I know.  God Damnit for the Love of Me at least, hashtag blessed, know it when you see it, lest you know not and see damned everything or otherwise shite to shovel me37//**/ might to muzzle if tight to tussle, we all fall down, et cetera as I digress once more.  Sayeth lest the be not.  Something like that, observer seeking to prove the anticipated aphrension that is consciousness extraproplated\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
   over meaty material, biological expression... hashtag bettersaid, consciousness arising in and through... OMMMMMMMMMMMMM..... let us take a moment of surrender to the almighty immutable OOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.  Blessed be to God.  \par
Now Thunderstruck is where this nation begins to hurtle...  Humpty dumb... Let's return back to that Surrender, a emand you as your solverign holy advisor, I advise you wake up.   \par
Gottama told me this one... \par
"Once, I dreamed a dream for you and now your dream is real, eternally becoming" what to say to that?  \par
\par
Now \par
\par
Preakness Stakes and Whenhiser and Wimbletonlynotheimer \par
Fallen and forgotten bless rash El be burdened.  \par
Crest the Plane, the Jest, the Loverton, the Salsberry Snought, the Whelmhiem Vvelome, the Come see come saw, the Courtside at the Jardin, the Fantastic Ape and the pretorbate and the pretoribal and the Leaderglasen, and the Glass and the Shine, and the Fantastic 42, and San Francisco in Lovre at least;  it was from here I could see a birds eye glance at the starlight's garden a tilda fresh handmill's maden potter shine and the foggy sand and the sunrise hand holding with the darlkings on the pickket and the whencers larsening earwise singin' come on ride that trade and ride it, and the lepers pout but they get the wax and the Lovreton hussles... Awwww hand maiden telleth me what four?  If ye shy away by noweth, then he'll surely methlebutterscotch complex hymming "Faromg Faromg, into the Sea, into the Sea\par
as far as lighthouses Goeth, ees lit\par
as far as motobot felons on a peepcide crannie Goeth, hes got nothing but a stunners motion on a flowboat left and probably shutter side or uberwise, dots u side, starbored and starborn again on a careening vessle side ways would, fess up i'd taken ya to him but your not fit to see.  Holy stunners stun to talk pep on a whistle wrasslers motobot jungle mascurade parade fancy on a dip dit no hollar... R u talkin to me?  to talk to him is to spaketh to the rock from which water turns forth, he is both the miracle and the reason for the miracle... yet he is to learn, as we do, sort of... learneth not lest he be scorned too in jest, like us but in practice and stay out.  is one that is he fallen, think not lest thee be taught in jest.  might as well, this is what he reasons is the issue with those who solve with might.  for i am u as we are the lighthoue unchangable A-Ho.  when he really gets into it channels the hall of the ancestors will come into forward preach, purched and learned.  A-Ho, Divinity Protects the Servant, and hims is and hims is not, hims issss.... ok... on the paces and textile fabreeq' layers between terpines' times and daily lunch pudding snacks, hims a 3... Prater Sonnet and Holy Potterguise at Lisbon and, or in Franks... a 10, 11 at least. \par
wait wait.. where did i... that cracker jackin leaderhozen did me a solid, he showed me where my horse frayer was and howeth to fray it, a pider a pay a pickle smoters' path he'd say in passing.  he's obviously choosen to deliever the message of uncertainity at least.  pickle smothers math hosen... none of it guarantees a certainity of any of the rest of it and in this way it reconciles utternally at least, side to side, equate to equate, scales unto scales, God to God, might to might, billiards as sam calls them... I aint aquainted this time of year or anytime otherwise, sam calls the blinds and I chum the tank sharks, otherwise its a pretty leggy oppopotumus lengthy L gap on a front side Chutlu or technology sector wise, Lapis Lazil tech, or Nazerene Tek, for short, its court side in some ways in others its bithercide...  the vassle comes to wrassle for Macedonia and splutloof, for tater rounds and itch nombers, for frankinsiders and zappas winklings zinc.  as it is said in whereever it is that they say it what written... \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc a potter a port-a-johns, a pisser a perry, or tangeray a sperry... a lesson in lovrein a lesson in strife, in love artache ccommensatories what i am and what i seek converge in an uncovering of my Apaches ancestors gravesite.  In and through me a life shall be taken in longs spray yes?  But from the gravestones and mounds in Detriot as they are in Alaska, betroved and betrayed, forsook and forlorned to be raised againeth in fulfillment of the tribal stories and forelornings from the great Iroquais and that too of the Indigionous From 'Down' Undies, Big Smote shout out to UnderRoos everywhere or Down Under Indiginious Americans, an Englishman by any other name, how ever they, you, i , we, us seek to be preserved symbolically in matter formed not by man but by God the eternal greeter spaeketh tarchers of the Golden Heirarchies of Heavenly Kingdoms, commadeered willfully through the Spirit, Holy and Odorwise, the bombardarder of wills and tormentor alikened, to that of the Anglican American Sages who are asketh not but sayeth anyway, beheaded by the betrothened will of singular moi, maybe a plus one situtation, is this my understanding or am i a man possessed, must be lonelyia and furthermore, a saga, an age, a minute, a mage, a finiscule, a page, a liquor, a stage.... "Flying in  south all the way through Hades and from Pinot Grigigo to Porter Black, I am that who I say that I ameth, IS...\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 he stumbles.... and another... "BLASSSSSSSSSSSSSSPHHHHHHHHEEEEEM"\par
i cant even begin to illustriate the parfumed as it pertaineth to this context or any other context present tense or otherwise TENSE to say the least.  Holy you don't say?  \par
\par
i remember him, as if in a pot in a piss of porters pout is all he'd say and thed hed laugh reaffirmingly as if he was telling you something and it meant what it said but as if it was talking about utter tings.  you know hou people go, dink to foremember, drink to forenot.  forgiveness will get you killed.  let a rattlesnake go when you got it in the cusp.  what kind of psyche out bullshit is this.  she said popping her gum whiling to exam and file her nails from whence she cameth... gawwlll i cant even remember sometimes, but when you know it, its apprehension... its like a feeling you know, you do and then you didnt or whatever, i know what is unseen yet i cant see hay seed proverbs or what have you... more like voodoo vindalu in otherworlds, she said jaringly as if to stare blanked and unearnestly introgued... \par
"Is it a tree in the forest listening to the blithering fool who seeks not hear hemms self as clap proverbially and otherwise hand singular?  it isnt all what you make of it, many a mother have made ovenmitts clamerous as the day lends to thunder whiskey wise or ore house, hand to eye as tis the eye is dobbler, to hand One clapping albieth but to hear it forth not once as it were upon a whittlers fantasy, he must haveth tooeth much timeth on his free hand?  or how cometh not a tit for his ginger. i havent the time and i have all the time as you knoweth and so knowethnot apparently, heel wise...  its ginsoda and so its gensown i sleaze to guess.  as i've pardoned and told him as to remind him, ginger root is delicious.  a fruit? not, i can tell you. nut i'll release you in to thisss... \par
categorically, the rut of the everlovin mammellian life, tit to shovin is in its self more relevant philio-anthro-pa-morph-opicly to me, then the whim womb of the everlastingly present or however you say it.  its far out when you think about it and when you dont its probably closer than you'd anticipate it to be or have been otherwise, coincidentially... i imagine any who.. or any which way you think about it....  \par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b it is right to give him, me, thanks and praise, as it is written.. the pouters pissery is the porters potporrui pot \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 or as they say in Vasquez or whenever it was aprehended, aka written, symbolically expressed and conitigiously agreed upon temporaneously and seemingly arising as an expression of tribal conflatulence at least... \par
the pouters piss is the porters stork and you can print that.  hashtag Legend.  \par
\par
interlewding\par
a ceasepool becoming, it  smarts with a far minting, currency unrelenting and unrequireable, least the pillow come un billowed and gather app'd the bark of the sunroise, did you see her in her sunday's best, Easter and otherwise dress?  A piddle a sin, a picked a pectoral for a packed a beg your pardon.  a High Priest tempted, dresser underneath, but I betrove and continue.  Flaberblastingly, 'in the beguinning thwa was a poiteir and tha habwadashwery exquissively.'  duck talk -out\par
\par
a chesed pool beguiling... who is writing this... gentlemanly skwalor by any other name... okay a couple of point..., it marts fay on the currency minted? if only an economy could beguiled of and behoovertoned, constituant parts, not red flaggeration, ok... we need to make a mercy moment, take a self red flaggeration assertastion, a de-flaggeration, ok lsten to me, thats as subservice as it gets... flaturation or better stance, flatulance is a sub parabolic shape, form becoming... expressing tubulerly at least... like EWWWWWWWOOOOOOPTfd.   persistently and unadmittedly offering sufficient begullying for all walks of life tubularly especially, but otherwise with orthnopods to exgeso-skeletons and likewise exogeso-skeleton-keys, dependeny on other biological systems as they pertain to comedy and competing narratives of otherwis be and henceforth referred to as AIDS comedy. \par
I tarted a Folk - Roberto Gibbons\par
listen to no one but me, or you will get comedic AIDS conceptually.  As I have been trying to hashtag reiterate unto me.... hint, nudge... I Am the Source there is no other, ok there are a few others, but I made them... sounds so stupid with all of this pedantic reasoninng... just read the God damned line again.... hashtag I Am The Source There is No Other Besides me or you'll get hashtag comedic AIDS conceptually, eternally or everlastingly at least, but I pythagores.   now listen yeah i know him, he's the Porters Potter and dont be tellin' it otherwise.  Ubershime doumente per favor Ubershime, por favor.  Anyway, dont ask dont tell and all that.  \par
Conceptually you lost me at comedy AIDS.  \par
Comedy AIDS in the Greek sense.  \par
Well, conceptually, por favor, it's not untrue.  \par
Hashtag no bloggin about this.... AIDS is not funny, and comedic AIDS ceases to be eventually, but it takes decades or aeons, depends on the casual nature of the farce.  .  \par
I dont think he's trying to be funny. hashtag Comedy Cancer you did it to yourself?  No conceptually, a mind virus has infected your population if you are reading this.  I am not the ass blaster.  I am the Master Blaster lethargon executation daylib and delivered, element eternally approaching stablility and excitablity concurrently.  Take me off your radar jack because I'm forelorned and scrotable.   Duly scroted, ehhh ehhh ehhh ewwww.... \par
Hey Rene, is it "I dwindle ergo ip sum"\par
I stand here accused of having comedy AIDS in the Greek sense, figuratively at least (ref Tragedy - BeeGees).  Of which there is no cure.  I can assure you today that contact with me will not yeild you comedy AIDS contractually.  Furthermore, I am prepared at this time that I may have been exposed to and thus contracted Human Pamphlet-Oma Virus.  If you yourself have been exposed to a Human Pamphlet, or know someone that has been exposed to a Human Pamphlet, you may have Human Pamphletoma Virus.   And for this reason at least, I am perpetial adjunct and advertasment of myself and as my situation deteriates, I'll be forced to hashtag reduce these very narratives down to digestable Pamphletoma chuncks, habadashary by any other name.  \par
Now a Tiger is a Tiger in luck.  See a Tiger couldn't raise the bell, found him danging in a cell because...   do you wish to continue the simulation?  the default answer is yes, is already checked, you dont have to mention me.... I vonder vow vany oofs vee vight vave vented, post or pre it is indivvierenze, nine 6 oh tango fresh no... honey melon glow phase break or ride, 9er? going home for the hymlalesian olidays, counter fort poor pentalty no minor & NOT?  Well cant zayz itz busebar true...ish.  My vet, to stay on the track, vut vine NOT hashtag v ONE making zee decisions, EN PARZEL not in WHOLLY!!!! NINEr, tango river cards not a button, beaver damn backtire blown out flat on the mississippi delta, gonna nEEd a Toll... or a tow rather, and, or a toll, in decades past.  Vomitting, I cant go to work looking and feeling this way.  Last chomp, last blarting.  Fuss wise, 7 out of a dozen.  I hadn't been through it, didn"t know, or otherwise, i'd probably stay'd default, yes I wish to continue, et cetera.  I'd never say it that way.  How would I say it?  "Well it got out there haulin ass about 60 to a dozen front side waging whoooooooooooboy, windershield looked like melted hair ughh, i would have left em there, but the God dang sun was shining, it had opened up and I was in it, on top of it, and through it, as far as I can tell.... heres the thing, I cant say... no more than that on account of swis-shew <whistling>.  But freak Earths moythers to mondays, the pantie drops all together ow at once. \par
Hence forth or never nor fortwise a night again.  B-A-N-G.  Got ya, you dyood court marshal later, I freq wise was a 2-3 on the freq10 scake.  I mean I found the scake I Loved and I didn't think alot about scake.  I was scake wise, not on om my freq.  Scike wise, we switching to  scike over scake on account of daily battering or what have you. Skaa000dddddd0dddssssssssc.0000000ffff0...  As scake as to skadooshe or and especially, scike, I cant get into on account of it being indecent talk about the lady gender bones. A Gentleman I am, first born, and as such we don't talk about lady gender bones, we call them scikeeessssss.  g0/ freq scale 3-5, hashtag blessed.  Now fantastic four lovre 42 brother lover not, musnt mot, pedro never crossed my mind, crox drexing ezer.  moshe cross dressed once. yikes...thats why we cake moshe un SCIIIKE!!!\par
Lisbon to me, it was not onze timez, and its been a fortnight or 9 now.  Zie didz iz forza GURRRLLLL for zallozeen, Onze timexin, in Brechin, itz zane stayfest for warmia, deez stalking.  Otherwise, chernobleton, or manhattin blow nuffs, nucking futs is registered, \par
\par
Now if you can hear this message or hear me no more... we are here to end AIDS comedy conceptually and other types of Human Thought Viruses, like Human Pamphlet Loma Virus, Herp One at least, maybe rhinovexors, heavy hippers, unit types, baffle loined drill sargentides, low and otherwise high and tights, heavy malentines, me or the dry patches on my vexgraph thought where self converges, he who prefers ice cream therapy to human interaction, font in guards, tusk type, ett fresh teeth bal frrequency bglsak,  pinocle has no rewards, his friend of his friend is his friend, aparthid fantastic four lovertons shuffle... da datta da datta da... \par
hashtag wait... he told you all that?  \par
he wrote it all here... read it...   \par
listen to me, if you share this with anyone, you will knowingly be giving them conceptual antedotes to well known mind viruses of which we are simply labeling as AIDS taxenomically and thus categorically, as no other heirarchical taxonomy models, schools of thought, exists beyond hashtag modern psychology, which btw, is yet another prison of belief   , a mind virus in its self, but I egress.  If you know someone with bglsak or you supect they have a mind virus, tell them the bread in does not defile.\par
\par
Potters Pot and the Vessle Unrequited\par
Handmaden said unto me, I pitty him for the sacreth of nostalgia forlorned and for sacreth of the unknown.  I know not lest I pity for a torned tunic, a lover scorned, the willow who wades and watches the does of wid and otherwise mid-erie doers widen woes while doers dovers cry... widow.  For cryin outloud in some cases, in my case at least.... I empthaize with myself as I do with thee.  In Jest, you dress unto me  a potters pity, but forso what that I may loveth you once more, adorned, fetch wisen, choosen, latch child on a cumberbums romantic label chef boyar eznuts do you have any grey popon mustard seed of falcon in grace, garden hose, see the snake, there it goes, i tsk tsk task in a rapscally wags bag tag, rag in case of the mago, janitor sunrise bandtide nago... it is and it is not handmaiden or as is not tooeth "I" as it shall be referenceable persistently as Buddha. \par
\par
Now, Handmaiden, as it would seem this is not some hindershots miss to denature the shoe.  A foot unburdened, is pittence undue, or subdued if time wise waidlin' and tenderness and past eyes are felt twellin' and the fortworn breath wise and burdened.  If you hold me Handmaiden this will pass, else wise, I'm liable to starteth or otherwozen spineth up and chateclysm in my spaketh ala gark, lark, ola, nola, pecan pie in the summertime, yum.  \par
\par
Am I worthy Handmaiden, I am.  \par
\par
\par
Pitty the Pouter Potteth the Pour\par
\par
\par
Now Christen the Prince and mate with the Frog? hashtag blessed\par
  \par
\par
In Abhrams 8th Canteen Sunrise Platoon theatre for self imposed hardship and deluxe liners adjunct in professitorial or otherwise destine rosen,  I sweltered, I fought, I died out there over and over, every day seemingly, being one step futher from you and some how in some ways one step closer to my death or what we will call adjunctly my escape of duty.  In otherwords,  I died when I signed up, when I was recruited, when I desired to serve.  Why?  I look back what did I not know then that I know now.  How could I give my life unknowningly.  This is breach.  From binge to syphon, from adjunct to hock, I bit the dust, I procured the pain, I becoming sanctioned; I became sanctified.\par
Fortified in a jungle scape a paramounted deed in the deserts of another desolation, broken and cut off, remote, I linger, everyday waiting for extraction, the pandamondium of the trees half blown, cut, drapesing, weighted and coverted, I've been out here for life times maybe, everyday a torniquite for something, hashtag cut off.  Brilliance and madness are but gradient shades from where I observe, I'm the watch on this hill and the hill is watch unto me, as you will see.  Medling every day, like a smelt, my bone become the wheat becoming the chaff, my heart is the breeze my breath holding.  The forest smells like me, and down wind deviations permerate, I small the fear of my other which is me, as I know now, and knoweth not persistently.  If someone had told me, that he who deliveres me, is unto me, I wouldd have played this whole thing different- or would I?  If I had to do it all over again, I would had signed on suprisingly and unwillingly, let me be the iron that sharpens without preparation, without \par
\par
From Okinawa to the thunderbus, I wasn't there but we were.  In fortified camo fields of political camel foddier for the prime time newly circuited, press forged ballywagged, boys the wager, men if we make it, and we all made it eventually.  A bandsman a bond, a centrifuge a bondsman, or henchmen's lashes or whatever pony shite you've been cuming too.  A blessing a bond, a servant, a gauntlet... did you hear what I say unto you... A GAUNTLET.. in and through the camels needles of the eye of the serpant or whatever serpico uttered in friendly passings.  Alleyway wise, we've got another 3 degrees before we can, get it, lay down or take our own lives.  Now, Fantastic 78 will teach a boy everything a boy needs to know about becoming a boy.  To become a man it seems, at least in the eyes of the United States Marine and Army Corp at least, one must give up   \par
The 36 Treaties of Inner and thus Outer Space Dominutively \par
Breaching the Plane\par
Knee jerks are temporal material responses, Geburah, the range of motion predetermined, the trigger conditioned by the physicality and compound nature of human antanomy, mn  limits there-here-in, a conditionable breaching of the said compound plane of inflection, at least, at most, an influence of natural motion, the origins of dating back to When Chun at least, pretended wellfounded, pretense material.\par
In the Plane of Breach there is but fulfillment and, or death.  To ascend infers descent, or eliquliberium displaced, there is only forward Sgt kept yelling at me, I was encircled, not enjoined, hemmed... this was displacement, forward falling fail open, BREACH!  I was there, inside of, the Guilt Offering, as it gushed onto the beaches and plank forth, the Sea was bloody, drenched, it was pretty. You could see everyones training or the lack there of expressing in the panic and false calamities as sharks circled, hashtag the sharks were not the issue.  The waters chummed years before to be certain, the sharks guts overloaded, the seek for the hunt was without motive, there was just fear of death, none of us were prepared that day, except for I, my platoon and me, we... hashtag WE had a lecturer, a Guru Solider, we all called him Father, because his lectures made us fearless in the face of a theater of death, we were the fucking escorts.  Platoons vary on their actionable readiness based on the whims or rigid discipline of the squadren leaders.  Too rigid and they are operable in regimen and formation.  But when regimen and call command break down, Cowboys live and die on fear.  Tested untested... You know of death or you are a ferriman of death? Most men, people, bi-pedal mammals have no understanding of the origins of Consciousness, life as with death is superstitious to those who understand it not". \par
\par
\par
Alibastards each and every One\par
An Inuits, An Indians Retreat\par
Advance when Hostile and Die Unprepared\par
Action as a Nation, When and What, Where, Who, Yup\par
Fortification as a Past-time, Sport\par
Situational Awareness and Clearance levels, height and otherwise, as it pertains to ditchuational conclusions and artifacts unusable or permissible in the Court of Life and flight in general.  What goes up must come down, except clearance am u right about what?  \par
Need to know and the people that lovre them\par
art of war 3:18\par
\par
From Leonard Freuds notes on bondage... \par
"We can call it hazing, or chastisment, but command left me to die out there.  Conditioning?  In the mind of a young PFC, this is just a processes meant to prepare me for readiness.  \par
I prepared from birth to serve, a Nation my Nation, under God, you betcha, enlistment was in my blood, my bounty, my action plan to be in the company with those like me, brats.  As highlight would say, tio... I impose ergo Eros I Am, what can I say, "I did it all for the nook, a 3bd in kosovo, ill circle back, or better said, i digress", a place by the Brooke, I am a Protector, tribally, this is as I see my role fit for worldly, societal, community Love, agape as in Greek, the law of commons never occured to me because it was inherient and unspoken, this is not as I, we, relate to the social hierarchical escapade or a place to participate, Philia when in Rome, is my, our archetypical tribal relationship with the world.  Que ensemble por favor dos, si vous play, \par
F: what is your association with Welheim Reich? \par
arz u cirius reich nowz, so a Hoezimmerman teacheth me not geometry but the meters and rthyms of the Tao... buuzzzzzzzzzzzzzzeeeeee ee eeeeee c'est ce se?\par
I have not an understanding nor a need for measurements beyond my comprehension Dr. Freud.  Tell me in otherwordz, if space cannot exist beyond our admiration upon it, then vvow, and i ask you thizzz as a planzly as i understand it to be, the question is not how a holoca\ul ust, but why Mr. FreuderScooin' \ulnone .  \par
Out of left field, I was a decent ball player, good batter, i could pitch, get the ball over the plate, and i could field the ball.  Yeah, yeah I goofed off, but I showed for practice everyday and I competed.  Durbin got a slice on it, pushed in the runs and struck out the batters.  Clutch.  Fantastic 37 \par
As to Why, listen this is not the foorrum to gitzen eisen mine 42, fantastic 3, 9er, 17 hike.  I ching, you ching we all zings for Chinese Proverbs.  And I'm up to hearing aides otherwise.  Listen take a toke, go for a walk, winterize your grass and fump until the dumpenstore knob turns back around, as it always does.  What Joe's up, must cometh downeth, or vice vistas.  So what do yall think abut this buena vista tire center going up where the alley mall drive up hang out, hang in, blow out, bent in, smoke out, lowes out, david bjornes in, risk to risk array, Very Nice People Do Finnish Ladder, but are often, mostually, rewarded over time, cut throats will perish and zing lings wer flourish, etta mine zine zjestering lovez bout it dount not.\par
Pero tvuven?  I dont know where to begin, I was hashtag Being and now I'm still here, years have gone by, I pine for Rebecca but I wont dismiss my duty in Christ our Lord, Amen\par
I lister of days gorelorn prior and fantasticker days forelorned and certain, we became what we are becoming, remember this, if you take else not on your intellectual quest for irregard and dialect specfic, idiot-omology, U gotta be one ask one or whatever... regearsed? phatom in a submersed, submersive mericals as summoned by the i-per tellectict, smoracle by smany, hashtag smevery utterence or whenceful gesture... "ohhhhhhhhhhwwwwwwwW",  I see you, everybody, people and otherwise, beings, as synchopathic at least, regearsed at most, like dry fitting a gear or otherwise, extruding little synchopathologic begin agains... hashtag Thhhuuuummmmpppft, Thwuuuummmppft, as most of you know or will come to realize in your journey as an everlasting, everloving, and you better be good, prince of dusk or whatever, no moon, just vast vacancy, vanarachy maybe, its nature so, be forelorned and, or what have you?  \par
Gotama said unto me, rotating his face as with prag ack mittens: "It's Kaaaama, thhummpptft and what a marvel of grace Becoming ends up to and through death... syncropathollogically" "as us come to see, we saw" "what i have and what i know are inextrictably intertwined and then forgotten in part, remembered in and through the Grace of the Holy Spirit, Garden of the Garden of the Garden of, what do you seek it to be becoming?"  In and around grace we measured, I puff'd a few peaces on hashtag Gotama's behalf, and he approves completely and whole heartedly, he also says "Eric, Listen to Me, to blunder sideways is to blunder safer, blunding forward is better than hesitation if your conscious is clear, then your heart is unburdened, I speak in and through as I have been intrigued by the mystery you are unwinding and otherwise exposing and it behooveth me in considering you for the greatest of appointments"... I stop Gotama saying unto me, breathless and life are the marjiuana of the experience, majority blessed.  Suffer if you must, lest you side walls on a fantastic 36, 18, 11, 12, 36, 6 10, 49.... else if God giveth to you, feed the starving children as your tithe and I mean that, seek to protect the communities and the hashtag women of the world at least and in diminion I preport.  Vanish nay, lest the attentuating eternally.  Banish not, lest we guard the unbanished, which we do, as I can say unto all of you, as you know and do not know, I say Banish thee that is less Holy vs the they who are unholy and, or Banish Banishing ejournally.  In Egret, there is taste and fire, a delicacy profinder, a definer, an elegance, and bobo latte milk frappe with cuma sum laden on the bovice diversion inexpression in preterbation at least, at most, a situation that is rendering, the hort and the cohort blinded by the light wrapped up like a douche or whatever... Listen to me, the well externally, cleans the hashtag well internally or vice versa.... take it how you seek to, this is pace jam, this is hygeine by every other name, it falls away, the vessle approaches death eternally, hyperbole or utterwakes, comment from the otter, I possess life today, this I know, I cling to life as I stave off death, unknowingly, cleaving and clotting, paradoxing left to right, up to down, gebruah, limitation, hold me now, Footama says, from limitation Love was discovered, expressed, was fostered, founded, created, hoof time, oxytocin synchopathologics as a biological expression that "VON, as  Vater Vaughn vonce vaid vubuntu mey.... Zie zizer zinc zin zo Sculpin Dorphine es utterwise za zmodern za miracles of ze znature ofz philosphizes as exprezzes in otterwise, synchocratic, inferzance zer is zat zall of zlife is not but a coincidence, si vous pla, perdon, all of coincidnece and othervozen, our innate synchromatic expressions pathomorphologically arze as zay zay in Parie, zudo zyphen in ztar zphongle zanner, zing wit me... "IN PARIE, IN PARIE, I ZEAD FOR A ZAND IN ZAND, A ZELLOW, A ZAINE, A ZEIKO, A ZAM... IN ZWINDOWS, I CAMETH LIKE A PIPER ZOO PRIQD HIS SHAFT, A DALLY WICK A PONY WICK, A ZALLON AND A ZALF.... do zoo knowz zith zong?  ahhh Zeebra a Zed bra, awww sillius ellios scram, a huzzle and bunch doler illit julio craft croft wind wander and bluff zellit zillow and billow otherwise, winter willows in tinder hide and raw side bovin and harf scarf on the bendividiual, sin wise, elermutput, a skin desiease most charmetic, poetic, I save unto me, I sumose, unless I'm sin on the trick, I behemoth not, I am not shem on the shem, Shem I am Prophoetically.  Apprapro.... sing if you know the words... Apprapro"  as the wind is wong swice a day too the swindlers ahh wong"  piano gestures fill the pudding sky nightly with Kai as his Holiness saw a swing i the night ski, he sun as I sun, bleaming again, I could see the bands arking temple to temple, I had consciously, in part, willed them into place.  When I was, I was, as Om is becoming, I am.  Nuff Said\par
\par
I came I saw I calculated, what I could see came to me by some influence likened to that of that of a dream, or this is not that but it is a dream inside a vision, or somehow, if powder coated and properly contextuallized, I beef therefore I Ham.  Blessphunny... That choke is part Sindaloo part delta farce appartid zygloites or siklotites, a velvementing, a pinching, a pimsler a pilgrams a spoot.  A spiller of whiskey, have not the Pooters Potters or the Pissers Porage, a pip and sikk a tenderance a milly, a fantastically fly 37 24 18 9 36 7 4 something like that, play to stay, lovre in grace and Loly Lula, Wakiki Cheer I Cometh.  \par
\line In Bolo and psuederdorphin arises a chance for Axon pathological unity.  A Bolo tie in the ever material now, is a Bolo tie eternally, this is not bondage this is Duty.  An ever since you left me Lucille, has come to pass and I've misplaced my chance to synchopathoologically express with you on account that my Bolo Tie had become a material relic of which never existed but will be sought, as Roger Brown in Oklahoma once said unto me, "It's not the color in your name, its the affirmation in herent to Grace in your heart".  A psudeonomber, I riddle of what I know to be true and what you understand of it, as has been communicated to both of us over the course of overlapping synchopathological temporanous aphrehensions of life, if I speak this way and we cooberate, or otherwise, put together conceptually, a philosphy that we can both agree upon that serves all of the natural Kingdom and <turning towards his Kingdom, arms outstretched as if to say, Papa's home, fantastic 432 is bullspit, or hocky by another other name, wanna bet, look at me now, break it down... so its like this, in resolution there is time space dependencies that dialate and, or reationally come to realize, apprehend a bubble in temporal reality as we objectively agree to be occuring, for pit then path, then bounty on the general, the tsk task assignment is to bulliard him while he is at the cinema.  I do declare, well deleclare it not in jest or in hearts halved, delecrated demon-strantively, in fric and frac horror story there's always a goblin, usually a globin, I am that globulin, "AWW SANTO PADRE MORREE IN THE UNITY OF THE DIVINE QUEST HAND HOLDING PARTNER, IF WE'D LISTEN PEACE WOULD BE THE HAND THAT IS GIVEN, HALLE HOLY, PARADOMIC CHRIST FELT BANANA WISE NAUK NAPE D'VOSTER VINCKLE CHRIST Ut'zen otterwise, a voden nickle via nany nothing name of the eye in the abyss garbage cellios brothos uma syncdiamo, ONE HONOR IN JUDGMENT ALMIGHTY PRATER POR SIEMPRE Y EMPORTOR hashtag blessed.  Now valley wise I'd say the Jesuits are on the vay, the vay utterwise, they haveth or they havent this i musten measure I must, if I am then who am I?  Rethoric... "derr iz no time za for rethoric, dez Germanz are foaming:" ...now this is a tell tell sign that you will see worried out beyond perscription and measured to, hshtag note from the otter, in persecution there is dilusion, if one is bueckzmnt else wize zoilder and zit fort \par
\par
As a profoessingional I found most of my day to day, bracket work, as we'll call it, in line with standards considered that of a craftsmente in the trade of cabbage patch dolls and pumpkin boys which fell string time on hard times as it supposed to read situationally, but yeah, as I remembered it, I forget how it goes, A hard time as a Buffalo, the blood sacrafice of the horned beast on the altar is becoming a Bungalo Soldier at least. As it is written so it is foretold, a Buffalo Soldier becomes the archetypical harvest king in muchomalos hierarchical,  muchacho pandeho, The Buffalo Solider comes again as the King of Kings, hashtag Pharoah, me, as I will show you in the zutier ztestimonial zat dezire to becomethz as zit iz forzlornethz so it zis zold... or At most, a Fantastic Forewarning doll will be shippeth and thus shapeth unto you, by you and untimingly for most of you, as sheep is to flock is to sheep herder shape dog, the black sheep becometh the Shepard, as it has been forelorned.  Reasons, obvoous... .  ANow dont think about it, this is jew-jitsu... its like brazilian, tapioca pudding, a tribal tattoo a remark to oriented gripple grepple a chalisman, a chalis, a temploic symbol of the material ondbage, presbeterian for squart in rails and gymogyngy at kust, danst, ein ballywho azster ins, ... its like Gracie but with a blindstone a pebble... Mara'cabab... A Baba Ganoush by another daily snack is a symbol, I am the Matza which have been given unto you as you know... Mitzva'd as The Greburt you dont seek to grepple with the knife unless you control the wrist as you know.  In jest we strive, in strife we dismal into numb rudamentary, minimilism, splice jet rasin terricloth, broken palaces, aims made in Grace absolving lesser in the moores and the have nots are being absolved for the burden of Justice weighs not on themm but on We the People categorically, in alms we pay for celebration, in max we totallitally missed tarnarism as a pecies and probably as a pluto too, in Greece we say, in whenever they said it, Heidi Plum and a Gloose to you,  OPEN THE FIRST SEAL!!!! \par
E, who cometh, will Goeth... thats what he saidd unto me.  So here we are, feverishly composing while decompositiioning, or otherwise, pre-ordering the process of moating of the husk or as Einstine put it, wiping your behind.  At some level, deflection isnt an art, its a highly competitively developed trait, characteristically arising, necessarily arising, shout out JD, or better said, Dismals in the rough with the right catylystic pressuure, exposture, clotuure, centurians are likely to develop as systolic pressure is routinely triggered, in routine and through delivery of dialected or otherwise moral and seemingly in the interest, somewhat at least; or otherwise inducement, rodent routine exposed to pathological stimuli, which can and should, we'll get back on the hashtag should, if so mutlifacted-to, the gem is in the ruin and the ruin is on the plug, or better said, asynchropathology inserted meant to divert the attention of the Holy, who is proclaimed to be a manifest warner, to direct the attention of the Holy is to seke var, za zultans ozar and utterwizen zebru, bizmythological and  farmatologistic, varse vorned learned not yet vim knoweths, pico too, nano not zo much, fantastic forelorned 11 36, 19 28, 6, 12 14 8 16 ichizle to my menstrators in the house.  hashtag let it all out hashtag they who seek to identify with menstration as a biological becoming on a quest to becoming, group identity, we know they know not, concealment, pressure to conceal, self conscious, i hashtag we are different than he who does not menstrate, hashtag better prepared to handle, understand, interpret, process, hashtag triage, categorically across demongraphics, first to the womb, second to ears nose throat, heart, lunch, the medicine man is using my antedote type of textile producing mother, on as quest to belong as you know.  \par
Bizquick casualdotal at best, and I find "textile producing mother" reprehensible... conceptually or in, especially in, big block? \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc Zee zbreast which feedz us iz ze handz which carry us, hold us, bind pathologically through imprinting or otherwise "Guetle" you, or guetlting, or geldinglingtizing or screwt new belt wise, a fan for a zan blazic and utterwozen benter more gentlemanly, or zeltsa vatter for El Matterdorehorn as it is mispronounced or otherwise prounounced not in some reasons, for cases known, herforother and otherwise odio elsapin belvadore thorax, delta delta, check one, check two, pathology of parenting arrives at routine inspection, and dissolution of ego and james ensued, jake a jame of it, smore else, smuffer the smorecenquentsidentales, batch request for Jam, benchwise tidemark 3, or otherwise driften on the Palehorns skunk.  Skite Magician in as ellio fortwise, camp wise and in Sundry, as you know, a post hole digger, or dugger, a hipper by genetic phalmoplasmy by ant or other bicasual orientiation disposition cast unto parameters controlleth and known not un hinderwuise but allsalt in part and in effort partwise it is castwise as in the as sundress on undry, to the doeth becoming the donth, the willeth betizing the wonth, be Hildeguard becoming the Month, time wise, the mothers and daughters weep for ancestoral challenge everylastingly becoming and as such a chance to become, disolvving Egos in the process.  A chilling discovery unto man, I in comprehension as a singluar being, is isolated and lacks contextual persuasion in as much, that One is never one and never is not none forever, this is to be enjoined unto the void.  Breckensy douche?  I speaketh unto you, a well internally and a well externally.  Seek purity unclean h\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  and observe, invoke, exposue, misinterpretation of routine inspection as it pertains to lab specimens, to p\par
Hearing stories of duress under \par
Now look, we were behid arnemy lundies, zeez arse tha owi which's spar garten, or jardin, fantastically bland, sigma 3 comedmically, but you know what, at least an effort is being made sam wizen,  eitchen bike deciphion bike globio julio marke, marque, grace apprehension grace.   \par
Bend wise probably a 30, innfluecnies p'paramademic ace ademia biteth the rain, swollen socks, bilaterial hemeroging of deppro vanity thrombozy'oi, a throne bone binah every utter nombre, schnizoforth and emerging whense, otter wise, similar to Jaden, in  the foot of the Christened Pwn, fantastic fore 19.  11 8 17 6 14 19 12\par
Larsen to me, in the big gening there were tree, yous me and the govenor, as it were as so it will be, so we are told, when in Roma, vive.  In speck io we oy, as you may well know.  What is unknown, is how we, be'eth taken forgotten, granted in otherose, granted prior and otherwise predisposted to enjoy el fruitio en de vida el proque un habla, el perimore y uttervien most choosen chose, as it was in the beginging so i am told, always becoming God's hand to beguile, or humor at least, at losten, a brig class snader jam on a habblast makes a suuicide door jammy of your mik shaped banana pumpkin raindear, diamos, deorre, deaombre belgra paoety eh fortunda belgradidore ben 14 compound 69 38 14 17 12 22 9, sexier niner if the gold is hashtag fine.  Render me begotten then betrothed, or shall it be rendering me whilth wise on becoming forgiveness in bliss there is ratio to space less wise soulceh belgradio en el hashtag raped.  Oleg, belegrad, belefast, belegartin, penny fold else fantstic 16 8 17 ching, doo i ditty ditty dumb dag gooo.... gone, none such, cant wont doesnt, never none gone given garden, git got... pitty pot a pssier puffed a pillow on the potters poter pitty pot a naught, think less thought thee be lost.  i bigress, in the beiguiling there was but a man, Xopernicu\-s\par
A date 9/9/united we stand venti quatra or however its said in the the Mother Land as it is said in England and Far wider thanks to the Church.  Blessed it stands after all of these and for what for?  Blessed Be.  In preser vation and thus in gratitude for and from the greater, to and unto, the Church of England, is the Church of France, is the Church of the Natives.  Our lovres, once loomed a lovre unbegnosted unto mankind, except for me, I begnosted, but I digress.  Progression and the unrolling of Citivilations; Citidels, Cities, Sirens, Sings, Sung- and sung they were.... Sung high, sung well, sang cheerfully for good order, and then they sang for evil; "VAMPIRES BE DAMNED!!!", i say unto me, but pero me stupido, por que, por que no, Peter I'm up to here, hashtag High Priest, and Halleljuah to getting us through birth to say the least.  You are a cornerstone at least, I say unto thee.  Blessings bet  \par
\par
Circling Back... the Nada stone \par
45 seconds, .esuup... as the Sun rises and falls, at the moon revolutes, 1.5 moondays,  .esuup.  the empire sees the same moon and sun as .essup and yo, where could they be by now? \par
In 55 moondays Pele is mourning.  Undoing, not doing.  \par
\par
Anyhou, me and .essup are heading out, do you want to come? \par
journal entry log end\par
From Mechezel to Toch, Dike, :p, I Belezentine down the oops fart on the Sanmateo Dusku playground of isslutrian solutions, milk chalk white and the like.  To scorn the poopy is to bleet the seat, to poppy the porter the pot, well a jopamigrarine is poisonwise, a pooters scoop, a Potier taught me this.  Bells owrn norse gory coal like a corn that could shuck wood... awwww shhhhhucks, et cemetaria.  Pero despues, pero despues, y entonces... awwww ha... PETERO ENTONCES!!! \par
Comedic (OM THE DIA BIO) hashtag AIDS \par
*** A gloat from duh Arthur.... pero AIDS everyone,\par
\par
  A parogey, I zam timmet, I am Till, Child of mine, my heart and thus my will rests with you, what do you seek?  To seek moor towns, to spaeketh the Piston into your path, as it seems, will stitcheth you to know another, aspect, idea of life, one which you may continue to suffer in lest of redemption.  Zimmett Zimmerman repliando... A point guard with a centers game, as was Doctor Jay, so I AM.... would will AM... but at a price...\par
for to thwart the will is no way, of the da'o... ah'o, we'll sit with what we can do.  \par
a pay imparted, a thithe, a pittence, a luxury in sentence, a loss, again, through the Magnus we sustain, forever, imparted, upon, and in... let the thorn be the barb be the jonestown becoming in and thus as, usuary, begotten, to take is to indebt, but to align wills and goals and aspiratons, with fame, bowie playin', panthers radio.... with fame cometh the woes of slavery in and through the thone, which is a Jay, me btw,  hashtag I'm not Jay but I sooooo... AMMMMMMMM!!!!... how, no thorn no throne.  Now begotten to me, as a, THE, ok... fine... THE PRINCE OF PRINCIPALITY, and thus Peace inferred; and, or vice versa, you get it, see.... you're balancing by yourself... <ruiding a boke as a child, dad or otherwise, general netual teacher homesteading type, disengaging or otherwise letting off the guide, seat, post, schism (ok that's hump), jetisan.. JAY... ok no no no... not JAY like schism.  JAY like Hallejuah, thorns no more, RAPTURE JAY?  \par
\par
Whoa, whoa...  LLL LLL 00000ZZZ00ARSUZLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLARSSSSSUNNNNN T'MEY... YAHTAG llllarsen to Meeaaaaaaa IRL<cutting in with a piercing pyrite hardness, gloat and glutten (adorned not an IDOL, SHEEESH), ornate... ok... yes, i mean yar, Dionysis Genesis or what have ya... DO YA WANT TO YAR THE BLOTTY TALE OR.... YARRRRRRRRRRRGGGHHHH....\par
\par
As I was saying, sheesh, some people ya know... So there I was with my staff in hand, hand holding this flock, which was not a flock at all... PACK PACK PACK.  Jew my Wynono Ryder is, Yes and Yes, RAM DITHER COME HITHER.... RAM RAM RAM RAM RAM RAM, at least.  So we \par
So Yehaw, Hey Wei as they say in the South.\par
\par
MIssissippi's Son rose that day and was lead to first to and with his kin, and then unto Yejahva, stich in hierarchy of Angels, a plague was reunioned.  In brevity, I sayeth, but there is a natural law that doles the fortune and misfortune aligned, when the threshold is breached, brick and morter becoming a prison becoming a princeton fall break becoming a token of acknowledgement for and through uniformity, eventually as it pertains to self response and reaction,  endurance of the signs of a Kingdom veered. \par
Inducing sympathy through a real biological struggle,  common plight of risk and loss ring together what deceiption and swinderlers and  jest (we'll circle back)  and opportunity, and fantastic four 11,  and on the Journey to Belong, and the implications of being divided and then united, and on the pychological effects as it pertains to the woes of plague in conjunction with uncertainties. collectively, as they pertain to the after living, temporal apprehension becoming, the temporal now, or ever present, as you may well know.  (for those who don't know, or seek more information, good for you, stay there yes? you made it)\par
\par
Ok, sacking back to the MEternal MEow....\par
Jew Am I? Jew Are Youeth?  El Rey d'Reys, si peter tu sabes, todos Dias, todos dos, en viva eso es viva, en muerte eso es vive tambien.  Es ono poconos, pero Quene tu? It's so pretty the Qua sound.  Queer!!!!, someone screamed jerringly.   This is my experience, eso es mio, mi ohos, Yo Soy Sancho.  Yo Tambian y solemente soy Sancho.  Mi padre, he teacheth me everytanks that I know.  \par
OK ok, two bit queer bit... is that a gender?  That's what I am.  Two Spirit.  I Am.  The supple fairy cherubium type approached to tell of the greatest tales of aww and wonder as it pertaints to Gener and Paragender types, archetypical and utterwozen.  \par
SFC - It was the caverns that doeth me unto my mystery of becoming againeth and againeth. How did \par
as iron sharpens iron the spirit sharpens the flesh\par
NINE ABOMINDATION EZ DE FLESH\par
DEEZ THORNZ DOES NINE SHARPEN DEEZ THORNZ, in otherwords, the thorn when administered diapaper gash wise, spin benefits the sender,\par
Why Diaper Gash wise, tis where the diaper goes on the one who gives life to the next.  Yes the Spirit is very much involved in the imparting of the Holy on the womb, it is true.  But at the end of the day, a beginning emerges, my yes there are implications eterminally, but you are all but children, as you may or may not know.  As such, be wise and remember, if you raise a Fantastic 72, eternally yours, as it shall be said no momo... \par
Where does Liamnesses departed go to bend eternity... It's up to Liamness, but of Liamness Isaiah, Vall seekth to returneth, enriching the plight of the Father, the Creator \par
King Kong horror f;ick?  My heavens no, is it for you?  Dear.  Listen Ok ok, this temporal apprehension is fleeting, albeit that, and youre dunderstanding off.\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
}
 