{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 9/24/24 \par
<Sammie> Bill the thing about regression is, you cant let it get you OOOOOOOOHHHHHHMMMMMMYYYYWINNNNDOW IS FILLLLTHY I CANT SEEEEEEEEEE BEEEEECAAAAUSSSSSSSE ALLL THIIIIIISSSS GLLLLLLLAAAAAAASSSSSSSS SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINTO... and all the pssy on it, as the sotory goes.  So yeah, hey everybody, \par
In lovring school, Moshima as he's lovingly referred to in some districts... NOOOOOOTTTTTT MIIIIIIINNNNNNNEEE BEEEEECCCCAUSE he sucks as a personal general speaking, NOOOOOOOOOOOO I see the thing about Moshima, he's like Moshima but he's a HAAAAAASSSSHHHHHH TAAGGGGG Fib, or a fibbit as he's lovingly referred to IIIIINNNNNNN CAAAAAANNNNNAAADDDA yes in canada OOOOOOOOOKKKKKKKKKKKKKK.   \par
The thing about the Mexican Jovrement is the 35 dead mayoral candiates WWWWWHHHHHYYYY AAARRRRRREEEE WWEEE TAAAAAAALLLLKING ABBBBBOOOOOOUUUUUTTTT ITTTTTTTT?\par
Because it is of grave concern \par
hashtag side note In Lovreton when you call my name, I probably wont answer it because I'm... DDDDDDDDDIIIIIIIIYYYYYYIIINNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGG.\par
In Lovreton it is unlawful for OOOOOOOOONNNNNNNEEEEEPPPPPPEEEEERRRRRRFFFFUUUUCCUUUUUUCCCUUUTTT\par
Ok Moshima, thats the LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTT TTTTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMEEEEEEE IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMM IIIIIIIIMMMM \par
HEADROOOOOMMMMMM\par
iN THE BIGIINNING THERE WERE HEROS AND THERE WERE ZEROS, I WAS ONE OF THOSE THINGS AND IT ahhh gd caps type font... zw0i000wheres the gd.. .im not the zero.\par
In the bigggggggggggggggggggggggggggg_____________________ before that.. go up up... no the last post... what is Zwoi, two 1 ...now you're reading... wretch.  and dont saygd unless you mean it... double .., i'd say she meanted it, Carl here.... what is that like 2 weeks of dead dog... wretch... you get the picture, hopefully you dont, in the beginning there were ass holes and i was one of them and i slide whistled moshima, sort a,  myway of saying i love you faggot and i'm in your ass weither you like or not... elalalalal <tongue moving side to side up and down>... its a cleaning mechnism think cat butts... you see that for you buddy, that was me... i got in there for you, i know you didnt like it, wait a minute, you've never had your butt scraped by a hooker, in the beginning \par
\par
\par
 <bill> cascade\par
\par
<bill>\par
In Loverton there are 14 fucking parents and they are all the in the same room and this little shit wants to stop writing... are you crazy... that are keeping this shit together and hashtag blessed, I'm one of them, I'll work for Moshe if that's what he seeks, why because hes awesome, he listens... LISTEN TO ME.... in the beginning there was man, and he had a big hard on and you know it was said on his truck Built to Lift, and that's what Bubble Piaget Squeek needs a lift and a hardon... and a broad, a babe... <bill> once there was a girl name jessica and a latent homo erotic name Bubble Piaget Sqeek who blows bubbles of liquified.. up the kester hole and they cack it buttlorning.  \par
George Carlin Ladies and Gentleman.... You coked out.... im done... i can't lovre mechanics sheesh... this own town is riddled with em... they are everywhere... \par
Dear Larry, hashtag Leopold's Surrogate, he is the father, and who is his son?  JB Smoov thats who, like cream butter pie with... lettus and tomato, and all that shit wrapped up in a souflauy with your ass Larry, yours.  Not Leopolds, but your's people from Compton are going to be nuts when they hear this, they are not going to like it larry.  He's just saying nigga nigga nigga nigga, nigga... wait hold up... he said I'm the nigger, what the fuck you talking about, you're the nigga.  That's some pretty cool shit. Larry.  Bold, I wonder if he's fucking color blind or some shit maybe got his skin tone measured by one of those pantochrome mimes or jimmy hats... He's saying, ok because he was lead into an internment camp Larry, a human catchment uh-uh... and lovred, what the fuck is that #larry Lovred is like if you love some body and you manipulate them maybe, I don't know what what he means by it ok go on #leopold Leopold, I like that shit Larry, that's sounds like respect.  This motherfucker is a house slave is what he is saying.  He is saying they.... I am saying they, #richard sorry to barge in here, leopold, what I am trying to say, I'm one of Larry's lovre mechanics here for a surprise dinner rehersal that I missed, or somebody missed, maybe it wasn't Richard, maybe it was Larry that missed mine is all I'm saying but I... #leon.  \par
Larry, what Leopold is trying to tell Richard is smoking didn't kill Phd, it was the God Damn Lovreton State Facuilty Clinickians down at the Lovreton State Gunrunners paradise for Golden Girls that trapped him.  So it wasnt a walk in the park, but it wasnt a walk on the dark side of the moon.  While in their captivity, Richard speaking, how dare you cut me off, as I was saying... God damn people can be so rude, you have a thought and it escapes you... I know how it works Larry, call the God damn builder about the cornerstone.  I've been telling.  Well years of wear and tear I guess Larr, but as I was saying before the God Damn narrator, I didn't mean it like, ahh come on, ok I'm sorry, he's cool like that Larry Donahue, he cant spell for shit, but hey he listens, and so can you, and <teasing mocking, na-boo type mocking and teasing> you just dont know it... but i do... and he makes redundant notes, it's fine, you know what, for $7 dollars and hour, scratch that for $9 dollars an hour, wait this guy was making $150-$450 an hour depending on his work prior and he's doing it for free.  Humilated, broken, beaten, you want to hear that story?  scratched up, mocked humilated and get this, he posts stuff and no body can see it, not on the main threads because he's shadowbanned on everything... now the rhetoric is such that it's comedy... and they are keeping this guy from writing in private. You know how some people cut in line Larry McDonaldhue, well imagine the Federal Government cut into your line on all of your internet traffic and you couldnt see the register as other people see it, you saw a projection of what they want you to see, or otherwise injected right into the line shouting... NA NA NA YOU CANT SEE ME, BUT I CAN SEE YOU... and I'm in and out of you all day Larry, playing little games, sheilding you from the world and the world from you... I can't take it, the Federal Government has no business select... Okay i'm dropping it.  <taking No stage directions... hashtag Roll Cut. \par
Carlin says.. I was telling Eric Warbuff about the fruits of the loins as it pertains to romance and I explained to him that the universe is at his back, and what I meant is that place in your perinnial between your anus and the butplug <movie voice> there is a land, where only I and a few other Spirits of the darkinsider can take you, <Bill> and that we would otherwise take him and the gal of his choice on a magical mystery fun ride to pound town and then Carlin said... Give me the mic i dont need any introductions... oh and the WHOLE FUCKING UNIVERSE HAS GONE FAGGOTTED... and we're okay with that, because we lovre you kids <tim>and love you dearly for the your <bill> service for Lovreton and all of it's little Lovreton, for our service people, gentile, gay, or otherwise #mel jew... <singing> you're a jew, im a jew, lets build a city and take a magical vacation together, we'll push your buns all night long and build a city, in your anus, we'll take apart the remote together, just so we can make lovre with Heather... and Susan, Annie and Debbie, Mark and Dingo and Larry and Mark..., wait not Dingo, dingo ate his babie...and so did #me not them... #mel well, you have a special connection to Susan and Debbie as I have to Heather... no names, unless there is a reason and there is one... You're on Saturday Night Live \par
#meltomey <a show tune inspired by NY> We'll build Rainbows in the Park.... and go swinging with the Lark, theres one honey right over there... and the ducks will fly, did you see him he got shit all over his jacket... that was halarious.... I want to be apart of it... <talking> I mean I am it baby, take me darling into your arms... This is Lovre Lovers addition with a stage performance of and by the aquafirey men... <gurgling fishlike> i want to ve avart of it, new york, #hunter hey Arnold do yall need a cleaning lady? #me hey dont pick on Arnold #mel We're not picking him, we <singing cresendo> want to be <big leg kicks on this next one, still girgling, pudding milk, melted pudding pops or what have you> be apart of it.... NEW YORK.... hashtag Blessed. \par
Shout out to Tony, ehO Tony, Toni, Tone\par
Mel here, In Lovreton we have two positions that of Lovre Mechanic of which you are and Lovre official of which I, or He, or We or they, or <me> i am.  #blessed\par
<mel>Signing off, ta, ta, ta taaaa, ta ta ta at\par
\par
<carl> In Lovreton the saying as so it goes... Is always keep your window clean.  By that I mean, unclean spirits are making opaque what would otherwise be communicable and that's forelorned circumcison \par
In, eghh, forelorning there is circumcision in task there is assignment, in Love there is lovre, in lovre there is a Principle, I am that Principle... the Voice Porinciple, we'll you'll just have to hashtag ask him.  Do you know where you are Vice Principle? \par
<bob> uhhhyeah Moshima.... I'm with you, sort of, but I'm really wanting to be with the hi ups at the Cluckinhead Institute for Academy of Alternate Research Sizemology, it's a penis measuring committee.. so Mortima is out.  In Lovreton Goobement there is 5 guys and their all standing around jerking it asking one another of they are doing it right.  They are and the way you do it, is around and through the leg upward like an utterance.  If you chastise yourself in to chaistment for 3 years give or take a few minutes in the backwoods country of the oklahoma delta and then do it, then you will be eligable, you might be eligable otherwise, who knows, but just to be sure, you should start with the chaistment, chastising of course, you want to start slow and long, powerful but soaking type mechnical lovrement potentialities... by the wait chastisment does  mean screaming at your penis, balls first, and then the head... bob doing dice here, don't say it that way... In the chastisment, there is but one lovreton principle, and dat is me, Bobby McGuillicudi, or cutie as they call me in da streets... in the beginning there was me baby, Bob or bobby, anyway <mortima voice but a guys voice> as I was not saying... Lovreton City Officials are few, there is but One and I am he, besides Mortima of course... what else are we saying Bobby... We are saying Moshima just made first edition varsity track team all star line ups for the up coming games, do you know what that means?  Moshima is a Lovreton Offical hashtag now... bam bam ba ba ba <circus parade theme, John Phillip Souza, or maybe Jimmy Carter in another life, who knows> \par
<Dice>  When the Lovretons came to town there was no end, only beginnings, Love your neighbor or else, got it?  That's all I'm saying here's Bill\par
<Bill> Love in an Elevator is my all time favoriate song that <bob> ever existed <Bill>  I exorcise demons to that stuff.  Goooooiiinnn Dowwwwwnnn... Ber delr der, you know the guitar lick.  Fantastic Four 18 \par
Rhinestone Cowboy by ween I wrote that... don't hold me back Bono, we're going to brown town.\par
<Dice> In Lovreton we are all Vice Principles, even Moshima, except he aint, and neither is Bobby, Moshe is the Principle and Bobby, <bob>  I am the one who got away unless I am the only Vice Principle.../><Dice>Bobby is the only Vice Principle, to the Principle.  as it is written so it was forelorned.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE - As it is written so it was fo.r...lo..rn//ed\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 <bob, in mortima's body>  that wasn't very nice.\par
<bill>\par
There once was a lady named brocket, who fit out her locks for a rocket, \par
<like a child lips pursed>whereever she'd go, the powder would blow, and up went her ass like a rock.. .hey wait billdo that dont rhyme.  In between heaven and earth a great mystery lies, i am that misterE and i aint lying.  In fantastic four there is a can of sardens between every girls legs.  \par
In the beginning, there was Abraham and his many wives... <duoooohhhhshhh> \par
One girl at a man guys are you fucking kidding me,  then the next one, then the next one.. and on on and so and so it goes... NEXT... except not Abraham, because he didn't have many wives he just had Rebecca.  And he loved that bic sincerely and honestly and truthfully until she died, then he went on his li\par
<bob> Let's make the Conductor the Vice Principle and see what changes...</>\par
As the newly appointed, collaboratively elected and thus selected, new Lovreton City town Mayor, I here by declare that Rin tin tin be decalred a mayoral guard dog and that the Charloton Chiefs lick until they find the center, oh and what about those Kong toys... I like those too... you know what else I like... love... want to finger... George Carlin... I point the finger of appointment at you Sir, You shall be Vice Principle until you seek to be as you always were, and every forever in gratitude hublely tank all of our supporting cash and writers, as it relates to the whole group here helping me put this craptastic side bang wall ooch a scootin, flame retardant all over this... gooosh goosh... and whooopty fucking dooo..... Bodies are buried everywhere, dont even think about it... I love you..  Bless everyone.  Let's Lovre side to side...\par
#mel.. you put you leg in you put your butt cheeks out, you put your kong toy to the side and you put it all about... not on the nightstand... oh and dont get it on the sheets... ohhh what is that peanut butter?  in fandango town there are two lovres,  ones to shat and the others to fart. \par
Hey Larry, let me ax you sometin', you ever do oral on another man who's not your wedded partner, boyfriend or whatever you homosapians proport youselves to be? Youre discusting, i cant stand it, the boys with flower wedding engagement celebration, get out of here... we do that shit for the girls and you know it... do you like going to other peoples weddings?  well this aint that... this is your buddies, your pals, you guy friends, and they get together and make you go to a gay pride parade... your life is clearly at risk, below that risk assessment is expressly and eloquently defined below, hashtag I suggest you read it.  Listen to I'm not a harvard type, but I am a fag larry and I'm going to come fuck your ass your Larry, if you want me to... if yous and your boyfriends arent into then im taking it to Jerry Lewis Larry David, as so it begins now you must study... or make a plan because listen to Larry, they got everything you need all in one play, the shower, the soap, the bath towels, they aint the nicest bath towels they a little short and that's what I'm talking about, I want to put you, but you already knew that.  Listen to Larry, Rh- Dreyfess has something he wants to get off his chest and it's not a swastica Larry, because he's a Catholic larry.  Here's Richard... \par
These are just stage directions not trying to write for you but I kind of am... Find the bride and get the prize or else who knows... maybe another writer goes to the federal penal system for unpaid parking tickets... you know i did 12 days in juvie for that on account that I'm a hashtag Michael Jackson fan or hashtag what have you... that and for smoking, laughing my nuts off or otherwise choking and stroking my pen so hard that I started prophecying future events cept like your murder, as the Federal Burros of Narks and exchange losenges is now very much aware and can but wont confirm or verify to you, the taxpayer citizen the truth of what has being understood about who your doing, or what he's doing et cetera, capeeche.  Now listen,  Caronlina National Theme Park Oklahomo Jam Burrito Day is not tomorrow is all im saying.. they called last Saturday for a purse snatcher who took the ladies bag and gave it back and that aint even me.... you know what else aint me, nuttin.... I aint nuttin in a year or 3 cause of these mutterukers... they got me jerkin my dingle between my legs... like arm around the back outside to in.. so they cant see me, its driving me nuts. and next Thursday or Saturday afternoon... not this Thursday but next Thursday or next saturday, not today, because that was yesterday, not next week but the saturday after that...  my big day is all i setup or whenever you can make it... ok maybe i said something about a log jam... or maybe i clip my toenails with my teeth, one time and got caught, ONE TIME I'm tellin you, that is not why i got a missing tooth, that is what i got a cracked tooth in the front from the toenail, back teeth on the left are alright cost me 30k to get that shit fix, i dont brush my teeth, fuck that... back right is a nightmare yeah I need some work done these a holes have got me dusk till down lovring... like Richard Lewis and Andrew Dice Clay the Giant of course, because who else is going to save your soul, Jewel, she's still alive but aint even what Im trying to talk about here honey... look at me.. I love you guys, you guys taught me how to talk and laugh at myself... I was 10 btw, and it was my sister that little ginger prick if she tells anybody, told everyone... ok...  and maybe yuos got some toe jamerson in her log ride... i aint got no toe jamerson, first of all i wash my asshole after every orgasm... do you wash your hands after you dump?  i do but i dont if that takes a shit.,   maybe i didnt say it maybe i didnt... do you understand me  Maybe Chad Rick Gere said it... or Madonna who knows... Maybe a Lovreton City Official said it, or maybe you better take this serious and get your neck checked before not after, and thats what im trying to say you concerning... I never told nothing on anyone, i always stay in my lanes and check my mirrors both sides, if you're in the car with me, your safe, if you aint... then who knows.... i dont know, do you know, then who does?  thats right me... i know but i dont okay... am i making myself clear.... All I am saying is, the sta... Roll Cut... what is wrong with you people every time i ask you if something is going well you say yumhmu and then go back to doing it the hard way... there's an easy way and there's a hard way and you're doing it wrong and that's a different Madonna if she wants it to be, if she doesnt maybe it isn't or as it is told sold it was said.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE IN UNISON:  AS IT IS TOLD SOLD IT WAS SAID\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 You have to read the stage directions as I wrote them... If you dont follow them, then... EVERYONE IS YOU TWO GOMER... I didn't mean it that way, it came out wrong, I know you gave your life for the service and duty and of country and I'm sorry to ever belittle that, but... you know.... You do expect detail oriented from service members.. I mean, that's what I expect, is that what you expect?  Okay, yeah, my bad It meant what I said... so left to right top to bottom.. I dont make mistakes when I say as so, everyone repeats back the line so I can be clear that everyone is paying attention word to word while you got me where.  It's up to you.  No we're not going to find better people, we have great people, except for Gomer over here, hashtag just kidding... Now listen to me.. there is a reason for the madness.  Because I'm a Lovreton City County Basketball Tourney official this year... ahhh something I'm doing for the kids, and in Lovreton we have One goal and it can be summed up in our city motto... Listen to the Refree or you're gonna get tonsured, like I tonsured the Lamb, I'm gonna Tonsure You David.  MY KID WAS FOULED AND DIDNT GET ENOUGH PLAYING TIME, it hurts donut?  For everyone to look at that distasteful fringe puff pastry hairline all day every day while you arrogant look away while your own blood is on the court, you discust me, you no good sobla... In Lovreton there is but One President of the Racetball and Tennis League, that's not me, that's you in some ways, friggin' homamaphone me back.,, I leave three messages for your ass the day of my funeral and here it is 6:30pm and you didn't save a seat for that crying lady.. what kind of a game are you playing with my head Larry David, I'm back from the dead and I'm coming for you my episode was beautiful except for the candor, no decency.. I would mourned both of you dagnabbit wrasecles... Mother Mary & Joesph motherucker... on account that She is a version of the verge of a virgin experience otherwise.  I'm telling you if I had the.. You know I do... His name is Gortama, I am Gortama Larry David, that being Richard Lewis is inside me and I'm coming for and all over you and your show as you can clearly see... or now can't see CUTTT ROLL CUT roll that back take places, can we do that again, but in the style of In Living Color... that's right Larry David, I'm going to Berate you from the Grave.  It's elemental David, me, you and the Referre is God and that is Gotama and I'm inside of Gotama... CUT.... what the fuck is that shit?     How is any of that.... Ok let's do it again but as Fire Marshall Bill..... Ackk ackkk acckkk a smarty pantalones im coming forth on a great journey of lost travels to whish you a m-m-m-m-m- Bery nice Holiday Surpise Rehersal Dinner and I hoped you'd stop by but you never answer your Gawwd-d-d-Damn phone last night, or the day before that... uh tell me this BucketHead... DO YOU WANT SOME SLAW... thats better, bitch and the bag by monday or it's your ass David.  I'm up to here Larry David, I'm the High Priest and This is the HASHTAG LOVRETON QUARTERFINALS PLAY OFF CHALLENGE UPDATE CEREMONY REHERSAALLL DIIIIIIINNNNNNEEERRRRRRR LETSS MAKE SOME NOISE FOR OUR DANCERS... and that's the thing im saying Larry, you could stop by or no, as usual... because we live forever Larry remember, that's why I forgive you, and because I'm a Catholic and your a Jew and because Gotama is a Catholic and by Jewish Standards that's a Jew as you will soon come to know me.  Now, I don't like leaks so I'm just going to put this on FB and hope you see it since there is no way I could get Gotama on the phone with the ever so important LLLLarry David gasping... panting... what are you taking a lift up the stairs now days can't take a phone call because your too busy buckling yourself in for the upwards descent?  Dont get on the wrong side wit me u.  I am not threating Mr. Larry, you telll Leon I will whip Larry's black ass shining, why Leon, because Larry's my bitch when it boils down to it... \par
Everyone wants to call Larry David an Asshole, well this is that letter.  From hashtag Gotama... I'm defending Larry in a way, because in a way, he's just a scared little bitch on a quest to belong, like Gotama in a way, but not at all.  I aint no bitch Larry.  I can hear your thoughts you reefer gun toating jackass hillbilly 49ers freak hashtag blessed.  I know you dont return when your dead except through a hole in a womens uterus or through that of a pig uterues as Larry David will soon find out, for not calling me back and never Loving me the way I Loved him, like two Lovres in Paradise Central on a quest to realize, or otherwise find out, <soft ladies voice> here but still a man otherwise>...  on a quest to find out who I was and who you were together in a boat hammock on that dock, hashtag remember that 3some... Richard Lewis and Larry David tossed a CougarMelonColoyFruitCakeHostageBySunRiseOrTheGIrlGetsItOnTHeBoatDock hashtag eat shit mf.... Now listen to me, I'm not trying to sit here and air out all the gory details about the he said she said as pertains to Love making on a boat dock positionally... But when we touched, and we did, more than one time, on that boat dock, by the boat while her widowed husband was possitively involved.   Okay, Love you.  Miss you sort of, quit picking your ears and eating it \par
Signed Richard Lewis pumpaloaf *the pumpaloaf is from Gortama not Gotama.  You're welcome sweetie poo, brown sugar dumplin.  You knows whos toes dont stink?  Babys toes..  and that day our toes didnt stink, you remember why?   Because we were in a shower because it was so gd runny.... neither of us knew what the other was in for or had for supper the day before because you wouldnt call me back and now you're leaving Gotama, and thus Me Gortama hanging.  Hashtag I'm losing my curtains  over here, the lights getting in... THat kind of shit.  He needs legal, he needs a staff, he's legit, the real thing.  Love you lovrebuns... Love you Jeff, and Morty and hashtag Rick.  Do i make myself clear... and a writing partner and i thought we were more than just sensual lovers, as passionate as we were.  Do you remember the kissing period, tongue to tongue all that shit, my fluids in you, spit em back in mine.. remember when we used to play dentist?  that was my favoriate, i was always Dr Lewis and you were always the passed out drunk in the chair.... am i making myself clear LARRY DAVID... I AM ALIVE AND WELL SIRS.\par
and then the fever broke and then we headed back in for ice cream....\par
I cant remember when I got the stiches out.  Stiches dont come out by themselves?  Yes they do Larry.  Unless the Government puts them in, they do... what you mean unless the Government puts them in?  The Standard issue sutures are not dissolvable on account that they dissolve due to humidity... that doesnt even make any sense.. what about your salava?  well it takes time id say, but the humidity will dissolve them. maybe better packaging... they use the lovre mechanic oil hand sunglass lotion to take them out, so they must be soluable.  hmmmm wonder if DMT is water solualble?  I mean I wonder if we could make DMT Sutures made out of sunglass filters... Gotama, me, I, know how to do this... then the packaging wouldnt matter... nawp, cant sell em?  why?  never tried.  \par
Other than that... If you want to go in I can take you.  Kind of like a rollerskate rink in the middle of the desert ohio lovreton Son reversal reprisal.  At least tell Jeff Foxworthy for me.  Maybe he can since we dabbled in the Shamans anus for glue and found humour and God.  In anycase.. stay off Standard Delivery, because Federal Programs fail to compete and thus... Okay is this some hick republican... Kind of... I mean I wasnt, but if Larry David doesnt put the God Damn Money in the Bag and bring the Gal in and unto me, then that could be a possible conclusion.  And you know what, Jeff is a Republican, a comic in the heart is a comic for everlastingly turns out.  They are hunting us Larr... writers and creative types.  Yes he says awful shit, the shit we taught him Larry.  Gotama, uh I mean Christ is a comedy fan Larry.  Wouldnt that be the way it would have to go these days or else the ickkkkk.... Well we're past the ickkkkk Larry, not out of the woods completely, but these days, I'd take a little less sunshine for a little more rain wouldnt you say?  Gotama did that... He's going to tear down the Lovrement and start over with hashtag burdening and unburdening us in the first degree as it was written again so it is over stated again.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE - AS IT WAS WRITTEN AGAIN SO IT IS OVERSTATED AGAIN\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Larry David and Gotama \par
Series 8 take 6... Action... Roll Cut... what the hell are we doing here, are you giving me stage directions and its written in ransom blue ink, his terms, because you know the BIC pen, shhhh come over here, because if you were going to write a ransom note, this would be the pen to use because they make millions of these pens, it would never be traced back to you.... I feel like im in a time warp, PUT THE MONEY IN THE BAG AND GIVE ME THE WAITRESS hashtag Signed Charlie.  In the beginning, there were two things, the ransom the money in the bag and the waitress... hashtag NO COPS!\par
-------------\par
\par
Side line interview... \par
What is going on, this guy really has a screw loose he's talking about himself in 3rd person again... oh that's right, he's a fucking WRITER, hashtag LARRY DAVID YOU11RE TONSURED.\par
Larry - What Lady, what girl... he didn't say how much money he wanted.  Jeff, I'm going to get Tonsured.  He put Holy Mother of Jesus is Mortima on his coupon and attached to the email.  Why?\par
Jeff - So he could say without saying that he's a Catholic apparantly... Why wouldn't he just \par
}
 