{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Draft 2\par
<SAMUEL AKA SON OF A PREACHER MAN, AKA SAM>WAAAIIIIITTTTTT, okay, first and foremost, In the Beginning there was God and he created his only begotton son and that was Gotama and sent him to Earth, to the United States to work as a teacher at Havard then to spend his life in prison for a fucking joint.  Hashtag this is a story about </\par
<mel>In the Begging, a thought emerged, out of a hazy pot dream perusually and overwhelmingly yes, like few, some, many, most, a few at most... scratch taht, ALLLLLLLLLLL, or at least most, of my stage craft is thought up under the influence of marjiana, pot, refeer, grass, hashesh, mescline, bromadrosis or otherwise forelorning has occured while on grass at least, but I digress.   #blessed\par
that or through a holisitc multiday blender body, like Jesus, or Mortima rather, where I've been so lorned fore out of my mind like that of Gotama in the throughs of desert mortification- Benjamin Franklin designed tic tok on a desert highway with Gotama, if that makes any sense, and so too we gather here in honor of this Ribbon Cutting Ceremony, A circumcison of...  <Mortima>Bill Hicks speaking...</> as I was saying, before that Honorable Retard made mention of me, thank you Honorable Retard, <Mortima>You're Welcome</>and I'd like to give a special thanks to all of the Honorable and Venerable Retards in and of the Evolutionary Church of the Ladder Day Clown Institute of Agencies, forever known as the Slowest and the Fastest, smarty pants retarded agency on the planet, or in written history at least, and boy was that preposition Retarded, thank you Gotama <Hicks> You're Welcome./>  It behooves me to ad for mention or otherwise to say if it wasn't for the The Federal Lovrement, why dont you go ahead and tell them Hicks <Bill Hicks clearing thoat> Urrrghhhummm If it weren't aint for the employing of retards like myself, and that of those like Moshima, and so too the retarded forelorners of the State Capital and Federal Penetenary (mmmkay), I don't know how retards like me, mkay, could make a living, <smacking gums because he aint got teeth fucking hicks>... oh and the likes of Hollywood also. End Mic Drop.\par
In the Beginning there was but One man, and his name was... <me>names are not imporant hashtag Gotama</a>imporant and him too was a little sideways in thought, not retarded, but as you will see, our decent from this single origin has lead us to this point and from that point, that being #mel you and him, and him and me, and you and you and her and #hunter she and i, i like she and I, #conductor and she and she and I, and her and her and her and me and all of yall or whatever #hunter hashtag not like that, #mel exactly #bill on this twenty six million 1000 year long quest where I am the white rabbit then you are #mel this sounds racist, oh wait this ones about retardation as a government #conductor institution, #bill generationally speaking about a 1000 give or take a few 100 million at least, osciallating between retarded states and less retarded states, from Nebraska to Okinawa #SAM WAAAAAAAIIIITTTTTT go back to the beginning... nm continue #hicks In the beginning from Brussles to Champaign or vice a versa , leading our planet and thus our people to the prosperity both as individuals and a nation and hashtag greater world divided, approaching fascism or rather totalitarian incompetent imperilistic farce and that too of a People, #mel who I'm not sure, #hicks by People and forelorning to and fore People, unto me the Prophet for Profit, through you and this great and mighy nation of the <m> mentally incompotent and otherwise, insane... You know the thing is... what you mean you got to be kidding me, page break\par
Finally, geez, some people, you know it's hard to find good people in a world full of a... scratch that, don't send that... hey are you still writing, i said, erase all of that... why i aught to... spell aught right at least, ok, i cant work like this.... him, you, and all of you... retards, are you friggin kidding me, they are going to string me, you up for this, you retard, you see what i just did.. shit i didnt mean it that way... okokok....\par
I didn't even call for a page break, and thats the point im trying to make, when a kid is high, he takes notes like he's forelorning.  I dont know where to go with this any more, here back to Bill</m>\par
\par
In the Beginning, there were two prophets, me and Ose Consecqo, but he used drugs, and so did I... and now I'm lovreing like the Lovreton Police Department.  \par
Can I get in here? </m>\par
So wait a minutes, are you meaning say you'll edit for Bill Hicks and not me?  What kind of show is this?\par
<Moortima scribing for Bill with esquite detail, patient, at different,;>\par
<Bill Hicks>   \par
So here's the thing about intercelestary bodies, they are all connected, every single one of them and don't let anybody tell you different.  The Angelic Heirarchies...\par
Hey Mortima\par
<mortima> YES BILLY\par
<Biil Hicks>Dont call me that kids in school called me that I dont like it, I hate it, are you trying to snuff me out of exsistence? \par
<mortima> I am the flame that purifies Billy\par
<Bull Hicks> hey don't call me that... and one and one and then pooof...  I get AIDS candy... have yall ever had AIDS candy? <mockingly>  Smno bill, nobody ever gives me candy, ahh geez... <close to the mike> AIIIIDDSSS CANDY WAS MADE FOR SLAVES... <dooooshh> you ever think of that?  AIDS CANDY could have been the distribution method the CIA, in otherwords... <close to the mike, blockbuster voice BIG> THE RETARDS AT THE CIA GAVE US AIDS, hashtag heard immunity, but I digress\par
<mel>  ok give me mic or rather the listener for which we possess... Ok listen to me, I had nothing to do with anything except I might have a little.  So I was talking to Moshe, or Gotama, or whatever he, ahhhh making my edits now, ty very much... you see that, Moshe pushed it, Bill picked it up, because Moshe likes Bill's hick voice. It's easier for me to read.  Good moshe thanks for that tid bit.  Anywho... We were talking about a High Anxiety Cover Institute... LIke <BIG THUNDERING ECHO VOICE> THE INSTITUTE FOR THE </> Handicapable, Mentally Retardedos Or otherwise a spy news organization.  Except we don't do News, except yes we do, sort of... wait <yelling to his assistants>  DO WE DO NEWS </>  Prodominately yes, but if anybody asks overwhelmingly yes no... it depends. </mel>\par
<hicks movie show blockbuster ad voice>  In the beginning there was One many and he was retarded... <dooosh> <dooosh>....  retreating from his lifetime service as part delivery worker on behalf of the Federal Oligarchy <mel> wait... NEW LINE PLEASE\par
<mel> you're trying to sell to these people, you cant keep denegrating th<hicks> cutting in, and fuck it keep it on the same line <doosh> <cadooosh> AS IM CONTINUING <blockbuster ad voice>  In the bigginning, there were 3 Gods with two levers and 14 elevators and 36 1911s and 42 75s and 16 8's and Charlie was there, uh i mean him, He was the we one, and we were with him and we were all jacked up on opipum and... < mel DONT TELL THEM THAT... or it's going to take a few extra months for this all to come to fruition... <Dice> maybe less mabe more, maybe go fuck yourselves.. Dice man here... Listen to me, Charlie Jack Murphy Brown... stay off the smack kids, kids that forelone stay off the smack, they might of dabbled in it so they understad <mel> stop stop... you cant say that... youre going to get us taken off air, except you cant...\par
<mel> Smack as the kids call it, H is for bed time.  That shit will kill you, I promise you, I've lost too many friends from it here's mitch \par
<Mitch> Opiatees will kill you and so will mesculine... here's Hunter\par
<Hunter> All this shit will kill you, poppers uppers zannies, lipitor... how many people died from heart failure last year who were on Lipitor, here Timmy wants to take a turn\par
<Timmy> None of it will kill you if you don't take it and we are not advocating drug use categorically.  Advised by a doctor is usually the best practice sound advice one can give.  Another piece of sound advice, if you take a drop of one and a drop of another, in the right dose, theres not a drug interaction and in other doses death is the consequence.  With that said we are here to remind our listeners that life is persisting Every Lovingly and Everpresently.  \par
\par
<Moshe> Ok here's the plan, this is Moshe... I've been pulling all of this sidelorning and fore and otherwise, together in to a cohesive plan idea landscape org diagram goal motive, concept, win win win, for all parties involved and the greater world and this is what we've come up with.  This experience has yeilded me a few different realizations... One of that becoming and forelorning and two years of enduring a macrocosm of directed, injected content, behavior and enduring being watched by the likes of the Federal Government and critiqued or otherwise belittered without psychoanalysis, directly or indirectly. My experience with the Federal Government was intrusive, provoking, riddled with angst, frustration and prevention.  I sit here today with my internet being removed periodically to inhibit or otherwise detoured based on my performance while under watch.  Mind you I am a legal, soverign citizen of this great nation just as you all are, yet my \par
<mel> Too direct Moshe\par
<cat hussles moshe for a toke>\par
<Bill> In the big inning there were four mystic who happened to be promiscious girls and a guy name Sam, kinda like on Cheers but he was shaped more like George with a bed manor similar to that of Constanza or Prince maybe if he'd just get turn his pear shaped body into an oar, but he refuses so, because he refuses not to be preferential with anyone other than Gotama, and as such so, he never got laid again.  Snnnnoooozzzeeee\par
<Moshe>Ok, here's the thing about Love and Lovre mechanically.  In the beginning there was Bill and bill had a girl friend and his girl friend was 8 years old but she wasnt and she was forelorned to join the circus and inside the circus was a tent where all the bears went to get molested and moshe wasnt in that tent or he would have punched the bears in their faces and freed the girls from the... <Bill> Wait... you mean, In the beginning it was forelorned that the ice cream maker who sold ice cream to the neighboring kids of which Bill and his sweet Matilda were once patrons of until  Bress<milkly white breast sneeze>essica got killed by a circus by a scootermotor accident and then followed Bill as Jessica followed many others, throughout their journey, both lovring and lovering until One day, Bill and Bressessica, I mean Bill, Christina, Bresscica and others becoming, et cetera. As it was told so it is written, Good bye that's all from me for now.  Probably Later I'll Chim<EVERYONE CUTTING IN>\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr EVERYONE - AS IT WAS TOLD SO IT WAS WRITTEN A CAN FULL OF COTTON AINT A CAN FULL OF SNITCHING\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Lovre mechanics basic mechanics handbook and resources, for Gay Chimps and Lovre Types.  Why Gay Chimps, because you're all Gay Chimps in a way.  The girls are hella gay, the guys, some of them are gay, not me though, because I'm Andrew Dice Clay, and I aint gay, but sort of I am, and listen to this, I'm in your girlfriend Bill... ehhhh\par
  CUT ROLL TAPE... Dice we talked about it... we're not doing that bit...\par
<Dice> Wasnt me Moshe, that was some sick fantasty you dreamt up, sick fuck.  But if I was, what would ya do that to me Moshe, I love you but I aint like that.  Lenny, take it away\par
<Lenny> Teru I was not surrounded by no body, </smokers rasp>, nobody would have anyting to do wit me.  I laught my ass off, by myself for years </peter> <smokers rasp> a grip is all i had and once more, <killers rasp, deeper> eating ice cream with <eschaton \par
EVERYONE - ALL HAIL THE ESCHATON... HAR HAR HAR voice>KRRRSSSHHHEEEEE<static modulation, white and pink noice blended and wurlying, lijjous scope 0 sin faded in from a zshark tooth triangle wave, esquelsh it in  or out your pick, I'd bprobably<smokers wrasp, uh i mean killers wrasp>that is not the voice i was describing<chinging noises, bells ringing, ding dong, cadoong, doong> <griffen> i understand what your trying to mean to say to me, but it </griffen> <right said fred digitized>doesn't matter, <griffen> or does it?> why do you take so friggin long to catch up, nurse its time for my medicine </slowly increasing in volume> i dont know how many times i gotta tell you kids, stay in school, have a lot or at least a little bit or in Moshe's case no sex at all... You know I seen this kid, here's the ting about kids is, <peter> you cant let them get you down, because <blockbuster futurerama a..../> hey can anybody here me?  he'he'he'he'he'... d'yall hear what i just said?  Frank Robotussin is Halarious Galarious the Founding Father of Romance and Dr. Hucstibles worse night mare...</> <killer rasp>  I made him prescribe tho<mel>The.. NEXT LINE Heb<\par
<peter>Thank you, Johnny Bravo number 1, this is mel by the way, ok let's get the case right on this one, because it's important to be clear how far Larry will go for a joke, no further than the truth, mostly, sort of... What we're trying to say is... The thing about Hebrew Colestoral is..\par
<killer rasp/> You cant let it get you up, <peter> or otherwise, it wont get up/>and dat was Peters problem, he couldnt get it up, but Cosby could, every time he raped one of those women, it was a fucking hebrew insider <peter>eh'eh'eh<killers rasp> the ting about a pudding pop going full circle is<peter slurpping> nnnmmmm yummmmmm, oh wa ditty dum ditty do... /> \par
<Bill> Now how many of you can <mic cupping deep>visulizzzze...</> Crosby licking his lips?  That is a fucking JOOOOOKE..... I know it seems bizarre, and peciular but, the Dr. Huxtable devering meds so.. so he could slide whistle his career into the toliet... this joke is OOOLD... what did we learn?  Tell em what we learned Mel\par
#mel Nope notta, but <singing to the tune of things may get better somehow> \par
Maybe... things will work out different,  in the Lovrement there is a #Frank fundamental gesture unbeknownst to me, and uncommon #EVERYONE REASON... #mel for everything, #Frank and #mel in and under, no undercover, gag and bos, #Frank you tell em... hashtag sidewhistle #mel loin and cloth #Frank Lovre, Hustle Shake #mel<singing then talking> pass out... <frank>in the lovrement> <mel talking> I don't feel comfortable singing this, I mean <mel bursting into song>I did feel comfortable when we first came to the bar, and I had pearls on and a satin mini skirt #frank very attractive, dont forget to mention your boots, #mel oh thats true, I had on Leeeeeather Pumps Boots, being descret, keeping it neat, tucking it all, in my braaaaaaazieerrr, #frank shut moshe we're working here.... #mel that's right, he drugged his wife, #frank but he didnt rape her <overlapping> #mel to show her a Cosby joke, without a snort of coke <ascending in pitch>#frank and she loved him for teaching her about the lovre, a social campaign full of jersey lawyers #mel<doing dice> hey wait a minute don't talk about Jersey like that, if youre a gonna-- talk--- a--- bout---- the Garden state, #frank, Be Fair, they got a whooooole looooot of RAPISTS UP THEEEEEERRRREEEEE!!!! Tada, #mel go get you a smoke moshe.  we'll fix it in rehersal.</>#/ \par
In the fantastic four there are 2 Principles, the Principle and the Vice Principle, I'm not the Vice Principle but I'm the other one.  </lenny>\par
Hey folks, it's the hashtag conductor, you know the thing about depression is, you get hooked on it, you've been sold a conceptual heirachial framework thats a fraud, its doesnt amount to a hill of beans, i mean it would, if the agriculture crops would cease to recess acre to acre mile to mile, minute to minute, there is some wise acre sitting out there with a gun on his hip and a deed that says all this land land, 100s of acres, is my land, and I aint growing wheat, I aint going corn and I aint growing beans... But you know what he is growing..... \par
Bullshit... And that's what I'm here to tell you about today my deers are fucking dying of starvation.  You heard me, I said it, I ascended into the afterlife and became a deer herder, farmer type, what type of deer?  wouldnt you like to know fucking savages,why so you hunt them out of the population like you did the fucking buffalo?  Anyway I digress, these fucking witches in salem got nothing on these priqs.  Retarded, animal hooves is what I'm referring to, paved roads and ditches retard the migrational path of the hooved animals and other migratory beasts of this Heavenly Body we call Mother Earth.  \par
As it pertains, Martin Short by the way, as Jessica called me, to real estate and laws of deeds, and death and taxes, I am procluded to mention, because of personal reasons, that being for all citizens on the marginal fringe and otherwise for fun, especially single people without kids, who pass on to leave an estate... just find a place on the lot or otherwise, your choice, safe, and bury you a box, with some personal affectations,  and sun dried tomoates... this is a lovrement lock box mind you, gotta be sealed, or sealable, a lock is optional... i recommend, a poly carbonate with no metal, anywho and put your DEEDS in there does that make sense.  So you when you pass, and don't leave your possessions to anyone and the state or whoever comes along and buys all of you stuff on hock, you can go lovre incorporeally and lead someone like Moshima to the prize.  And that's what we're going to do.  Lead ours to the prize.  Because our family isn't blood, I mean it is at some level you bunch of inbred retards, like Moshima for instance, he's a retard, aren't you?  #me YES... That's right, and what do we do to retards?  We give them shit, our shit, your shit, the extra shit, the new shiny shit, well maybe the varnished shit, but hey I got varnished shit I'm a retard too, am i making myself clear?  Stop with all the meandering and make some fucking sense in this society.  It is as if for instance, spac and spaniards made a come back and lovred everything into hock and thus silo.  Then what?  I know i know, but you have to provoke them with fabrications of another tribe.  Spacs im not worried about but Spaniards ooohough... you got to watch out for these bastardos, they'll take your country, burn your books, teach you a new language, make you work for half the day, get you strung out on the cocaine, serve you some enchiladas and wake you up with a tequila sun rise and then look out, all the land has been lovred.  It's not the general populous I care about, it's Lovreton Mechanics first and Lovreton Officials secondarily speaking or otherwise, Comedians.  In the great disenfrancisment there are two victims and they are both poor and comedians are poor, typically except for Dane Cook aparently (shout out Dice) and other ones, but the bulk of us the good ones.... well fuck Jerry, how many monte carlo limited edition plumbers did you go through to unclog that huge turd that came out of your ass called your stage performance.   I'm just kidding Jerry, but fuck him.  Rich comedians piss me off.  Why?  Because there is war being waged on language and listen to me I love Jerry, he knows that, that shit came from Moshima, priq.  Anyway, wait till you meet him Jerry, he's got all the exhuberence of a 1972 coupe de ville and he smells like one too.  Naw,  I'm serious, are you listening to me?  You are hunting down old framers and he's got the goods and the keys to my house at least.  Leave something for these kids.  Fuck a framers institution.  Find the talent and love them.  Moshe is going to teach a class of comics or at least derlict them or otherwise, toy and plunderwise enjoy mind tripping on a cloud with volume metrics on the side door panel of his what?  That's what I'm saying to you Jerry, Dice talking, Take those deeds to all those cars and bury them like easter eggs all over the place, or give leave them for your family, your choice.  I know it's not, youre wife, his wife is a very beautiful and demanding woman, demanding in the right ways, an earner, she knows what I'm talking about.  That's what Moshima needs, youre wife jerry.  That's what im saying Jerr, just give hima  few days with your wife to talk through hashtag joking not joining otherwise, I'm kidding, ok so the thing about lovreing isn't this, this is Love Jerry.  He loves us, well not you, but he loves me... I mean he's been with all of his Comedian Heros for a week or two or years and he's never asked about me, but I'm the one he came to see Jerry.  Not you Jerry, I mean he did his sister bought him tickets to come see you but he was excited to come see me.  He bought the tickets to come see me Jerry Tutor. I'm the only comic he has ever bought tickets by his own conscious desires to see comedy, his pick... and you know what Jerry... When I finished my darkest performance of my set in the town where he was born, the theater was a gasp Jerry, but not Moshe, he stood and gave me a standing-o and he was the only on in this whole venue, pretty sure on that last part.  So what I'm trying to say is Government officials have driven this man into hardship and we came to rescue him, the writers, the comedians, the Saints of Comedy.   We're not asking anything from Jerry, except for your wife, Dear Lovreton officials, please compel Jerry's wife to rescue this man as you rescued Jerry and maybe one other guy since you married Jerry, and I was there for that000 Jerry.  \par
  In Lovreton there are two hostile Principles.  I am not one of these I am both of them.  AHHHHHHHHHHHHH </SAM>\par
<Conductor, aka George Carlin> Yeah that's right I said it, unbeknownst to these ninkapoops, in verse rehersal stage settings conclude that you're corrupt, not just you your incorporeal are corrupt too, yeah I'm talking to you, hashtag scumbags of the American Republic, retards by any other name, an Oligarch is what you're trying to build, to consume the futures of tomorrow to a stained glass, because you can't, won't, figure out how to mechanically lovre ethically and upright as we due with yours and ours hashtag faggots, not you Republicans I'm talking to these fucking Donkeys, nomnomnom yumyum cream of mushroom soda nomnom, as long as your deriar is feed and mine are starving we're good, we'll we're not good.  Social Liberalism has taken a turn away from Libertarianism towards Socialism and you know it.  You institutionalized this Motima and Mortisha, preventing them from seeking union and thus captial gains while you dwindle his gifts, missing the forelorning, with your hashtag CONTIUNITY ISSUES AS IT PERTAINS TO INTELLIGENCE OVER A FORELORNED TIMELANE AND WHAT THE IMPLICATIONS THERE ARE THEREFORE, what hes trying to say is, don't fuck around with the Lovers, or the Loverment, you got me?  Or the Lovrement will strike down in serious vengience upon thee, rendering us all a more retarded than we began to be becoming.  He's a hashtag saint, and that is his girlly pal.  You stiffs down at the DMV plucking fruit off the of the vine and using every power device in your personal stiff arsonal to take husbands from wifes or wifes from daughters or otherwise babies from their daddies?  And what did you do it for?  To punish a Lovreton Official?  I hashtag think not.  Bruh, fuck that hashtag,  In the beginning there were two symbols and neither one of them were a fucking hashtag so go fuck yourselves.  <movie promo voice over demo> \par
Ok okay, in saving Grace at least they are both alive.  But one is a fucking prostitute and the otherone is Gotama, now what?  What was accomplished with your power flex sun shine, in the beginning there was an asshole and that was me, Morty McFly is my name and I say unto the next fucking episodes are going to be about WitchCraft and the Federal Government at least.  You fucking ass packing round robbiners.  Man this feels good.  No one gives a shit about cancelling you when you're dead and Mortima is in a coma of sorts on account of all the blow, painpills, hashtag herion, epinepherine or whatever smurf bullshit... oh thats right and booze... hey honey did you have a nice time?  Mortima voicing, uhhh ohhh I dont remember that much of it <switching back> Ya don't say, I wonder if its because all of those Government Officials routed you into the decentralized internment camp while the ass hole Republicans were playing foolsball with fucking traitor over there, did Ya'll see that shit... Wublub alub motherfucker... did you here me, yeah you got it bitch, is it coming together for ya'll now?  I'm here baby <movie promo voice over demo> back from motherfucking grave to show you priqs a good time, take your hashtag wives out and bury the business deeds in the back yard to show you that</> a lovreton offical has not and needs not.  You take from him, you take from us motherlover.  No scratch that... The United States Federal Government is trafficking girls, that's right and hashtag WE can prove it.  And we are going to, because it's not just Mortimer and Moshe, there are others and it's coming boy <movie promo voicer over demo> FUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKK YOU, YOU FASCISTS HUSKS QIPLOPH000... AND THE SOCIALISTIC HUMAN TRAFFICKING ENGINE YOURE SPINNING UP AND refining on the backs of our assets, does that make sense?  Hey fuck face, Hollywood called and they gave me a Phd in fuck you... and oh by the way, SAG send legal and a managment agency, for Cacia and I, because these assholes are stealing our talent and furthermore they aint got no talent. Furthermore they aint got no life, furthermore, they are doing psychological experiments unofficially on inmates, wait scratch that bullshit, nope on innocent civilians.  Moshe is going to direct a school for method actors and trancendentialists in Hollywood and ya'll aint invited, unless you want to be, and if so you got a weird fucking way of showing it.  You impede him at every step and preturb her with sugar powder and beer while you keep her fucking high... BEND OVER AND PUFF THAT UP YOUR TOOT HOLE YOU FUCKING PRIQS... hey and while you're down there HASHTAG NO POWDERLORNING IN THE RECTUM, we tell everybody that just an old habit... Good bye fair well alfiedazaine fuck you bye\par
On the next edition, Moshima and Mel will tell you what the plan is jack.  Get with it or get lost.  You're going to pay for it one way or another.  NEXT!!!\par
\par
INT Retarded Place EXT Retarded Country\par
<Carlin>\par
Lovre Mechanics for Psychomagigicans and flower arrangers Volume 16 Column 1\par
In Lovreton there are pyrotechniques which are orderly construed to constrain even the most elementals of change.  One of them being, wife's get taken, fires get started, does that make sense you priqs?  Watch and learn, there are 15 ways to skin a mule, and I aint one of them, that being a pyro, a mule, I mean I am... but I'm not, or a mule skinner, but these gashtag cunt queefs are about to pay for the sins that were committed on their watch and with the base they seek to pander to... wait a minute, what am I talking about, pussy liberables and hashtag cry baby republicans... thats what I'm saying baby, cry baby republicans are about to set another horse fire, by that I mean, hey how ya'll doing tonight... Alls they need to do, is go to the exact same spot, on a January 6 and say the exact, precise shit that Donald Trump that mexican hating juew pandering with the cloven hoof... yeah that treasonous priq... And say precisely what he said and then storm the castle again, hypothetically, figuratevely all of that shit.  Why?  Because we love you baby.. That's why, oh yeah, and because they are trying to take our Jobs in Lovreton, because this thing has to be comedy because its too fucking stupid to be real life, but it is.  The Pudding pops didnt fall far enough from the tree on that one?  Okay, let me restate this... Hey Hashtag REPUBLICANS!!!! GO TO THE SPOT AND TRY IT AGAIN, because the precident says, Wray will miss it.  The Precident teaches us.  The pipe and the la bomba and disappearing ink, that's internal chub a lot.  You know whats not internal?  Your memos and there is about to be a big fucking leakerson of magma proportions on the left or right side of your Lovreton family booklet stores you'll find one Larry Grahm's, fucking EARTHQUAKE bitch, this is Lovreton here and in Lovreton, we hashtag HAAAAAAYYYYYYYTTTTEEEEEEEEE THE FEEDERAL GOOOOOBERMENT... not their people, not all of them, unless you're persisiting in nazi like education reconditioning adhoch with innocent civilians whom you've maimed.  What I'm saying is, hashtag, the whoopie cushion has blown.  In 24 hours there will be a curtain, or maybe 26 hours or more than that give or take a few hours.. anyhow as i was saying, bill talking, hi yall.... Billy Bob Thorton that is, am I'm here to say, some people calls it a sling blade and <carlin> Some people call it a fucking Nazi Concentration camp, and that's me, Tommy the Cat aint my fucking name, It's Carlin, C-A-R-L-I-N In your fucking eye queer baits.  See the thing about forelorning up or in or around the but is.... it isn't a proper way to forelorn.  Turds come out of there.  Shit aint supposed to go in, it's supposed to come out... except maybe a suppository, but that is so shit will come out.  You're definiately not supposed to excercise it for laticity, unless you want to boston black dip drip butt every time you have an msg filled or otherwise taco margarita sunday platter for dinner, whats that smell?  ah its nothing, just me, been working on loosening the old rectum up for funtime, smells like sex.  Fuck you... btw, did you know if you work on loosening your rectum systemically you might be eligable to hold the abusers of power accountable for a hate crime?  Furthermore, the Democrats might take your case serious and let you speak before congress prior to the questionable FISA/702 expiration which should of occurred this year but didnt because you've got Mortima in a fucking coma and also all of the other cases you're caught in the middle of.  In the biggenning there was Boombers, I was one of them, You give us a bad name, you imbeciles.  We are watching, I'm talking about American Comedians and otherwise, Americans in SpiritLorn, are watching these idiots give our country away to ignorance.  Lovingly and with gay preference, while the inflation skyrockets and rises, and I'm good what the fuck do you want to say... <SAM>  WHEEEERRRRE'SSS MORTIMAAAAAAAA IF MOSHE DONT GET MORTIMA SOOON MOSHE IS GOING TO FILE FOR JOINT WAGES WITH A HOLLYWOOD LAW FIRM AND START CRUSHING... do you hear me... Nomnomnomnom nom.\par
Carlin Out\par
Hashtag Watch Mitch and Carlin on Rick and Morty... Wubablublub \par
Wareheim has the Constanza First edition, hashtag Jump Lovre Principle, wanna know when?  Ask Larry when it all got better.  Hey Eric read through the bloops, and listen to me, Hawaii Port of Call... we, I, Moshima did that in real life.    \par
Hey Eric, Carl forever Jung, says, Tim's is Larry Olvaotynao... one of them anyway, he'll know what I mean.  And sorry about the Gay bashing jokes aside, I think you'd make a pretty cute Mortime, just saying hashtag hot guy mwaheowww....smooches otherwise on my pee hole if we're doing it.  if we're not, no butt stuff I aint into it.  Dice here... Dont tell him any of that shit unless you want him to make love to you, because he will, i'm not saying tim will, but he probably would, did, will at least once... did they together? hashtag, it's none of my business.  would I with you with them?  Probably, maybe, it depends how they treat me.  Treat me right, fuck em, treat me wrong, fuck em anyway.. that's how I roll, puddin' popping Heirheim -Out.  Come here ton of fun, what do you weigh anyway... I'm more of a top myself, Dice here... definately not Eric.... unless it is... maybe it's Eric times two thats you and me baby, twins on this next run, you're my Danny Devito, if youre lucky yous will, or if you choose to is all im sayin', or utterwise, you're lucky if it isnt, and you know what i'm talking about.  Lovreing you was some of the best nights of my life.  You ever had a dream that John C O'Reilly and Eric Warhammer, velvet edition had a baby, well you didn't, or who knows, maybe you did, and that baby is me, and I'm here baby, waaaaaa waaaaa, i want my daddy's Capeeshe.  Get in the car, boths of you and come get youre baby boy, because I'm in a mess this way... Oh on that side kick rolly jogger acutions... tell em Dice man said, cant prove it, it's defamation.   Anyway, Forelorn with me, we'll do it yous way.  In or out baby...\par
\par
\par
9/2\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
</>\par
}
 