{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\f0\fs22\lang9 In Lovreton\par
 there is but two tween fourty six seventy two thirty six fourteen eighteen weight\par
\par
5pm 9/23/24\par
INT - Mel Brookingston's Institute for Varnishers and Closers\par
The Monster at the Christmas Part, Episode 17, Season 14\par
\ul MEL\ulnone\par
Lovre's mechanically seek to fulfill the requirement without doing harm unto themselves, and others.   That being, I send out the Cast Invitiations for a Christmas Party, so the cast members and their pluses can come together for a feast in celebration of the we work we are performing as a collective group or agency.   When sending out Cast Invitations for such a prestigious and thus forelorned Circus Stylized Christmas Party event; when sending out to a bunch of comics, actors, writers, cast performers, or otherwise stated, a bunch of f'ing drama queens (circle back, in post copy script wise) on that, One never considers, at least I didn't at the time, what kind of mess a couple of drinks a short throw from Sunset strip could cause in my life, in their lives and in the lives of the general Public as I'll soon attempt to articulate in this epsiode called "The Monster at the Christmas Party".  \par
Ok okay, let me just start by saying, how can be so wrong when we as a collective, that being my Cast and I, have as I say "Comedy in their Hearts".  We have but One saying in our writers meetings...\par
"Protect all with comedy in their hearts, Project a Vision, Teach them how to change themselves and Squeeze them to the last drop"\par
Okay okay, In the first days as writers, we are asked to write something that reflects their goals, visions, dreams... I digress, scratch that... CUT!!!... forget that, forget that... as we say in Show Business F THAT, <pua pua, spitting>...  This is the way of elementary students and many friends of mine who persist in Hollywood, forelorning show medocrity, temporally fleeting, timeless no, ageless yes, graceless- if you're doing it right... all on the backs of well, how do you say, great actors, piddle paddling, line to line with middle of the road dialog, approachable, maybe, relatable, sure, good for ratings?, within a niche group of middle to upperclass folks with 9-5 mentalities rooted in SITUATIONAL HUMOUR and all of the social ineptness that goes with being a m000onkey in today's robust, hustle bustle economy driven Universe, a macro-cosm of sleaves and masterful tricks and thus mediocracy expressing.  \ul\par
DICE\ulnone\par
Cut cut, wait can I get in on dis?\par
\ul MEL\ulnone\par
Not yet, I'm not finished, do you want to hear the primus of the episode? \par
\ul DICE\ulnone\par
Yeah Go ok... \par
 \ul MEL\ulnone\par
You see in the beginning there were shitty Comedians and Dice was one of them... Sheesh, I digress.  Why do I let him sit with the knots at the roundish table, because, he has comedy in his heart.  Grace he's still working on, and I'm helping with that.  d is a writer in his heart too, and we like that about it, plus he's a piece of dog shit otherwise and as such, can take a punch and I enjoy watching the pack of hyenas circle the dangerous OLD Lion of comedic misfortune, so I can rescue him in a way, call it my noble deed. Plus, Dice knows a bunch of hard hitters, and so if I need a little swhoooshooo <whistling>  I say hey Dice, I need a little swhoooshoooo, swhooooshoooo I get, if you catch my grift.  But I digress again... I'm always telling these folks, the writers, the comediang, f'ing, misfits, because they forgetting their lines always, on set, on location... anyway, so kicking in gear here. Hey Mr. Dice tell me a story about Grace.  Just so you can get it out of you, since you cut in you miserable piece of Comedy Disgrace.... or otherwise... shhhhhhhhh\par
\ul DICE\ulnone\par
In the beginning there was a Director of Music and Executive Producer, that was Mel Brisbane, he was a Hollywood hunk, a 4 in movember shave wise, and an 11 in the eyes of the the greater audience at the time, like I was, for a good minute in the 90s and in the early 2000s.  \par
\ul MEL\ulnone\par
Dice, nobody gave a shit about you after 97 and you know it and when I say 97 I mean 93, but I digress, continue.\par
\ul DICE\ulnone\par
Okay, well Mel Brisbane then, was a washup then he wuddint, is all that I'm saying.  \par
In the writers, producers room there is a different standard of shall we say, ethics as it pertains to things that are said in the room and things that are said out of the room.  \par
 Stage Comedians being an exception sort of, like myself, and Patrice O'Neil, a Mick by any other name.  \par
Stage Comedians operate on that fringe space, the untested waters if you will, stradling, inside the conceptual frameworks of both what's socially accepted and temporally unaccepted, as it relates the larger audience, demographically.  Writers Love these folks, for being the front line philosphers, both testing and defending emerging and in some cases provocative notions; and in some instances taking the heat permitting the industry to measure and realign our writing objectives on the basis of what will appeal to the greater living audience.  \par
In the beginning there were Stage Performers, then came Comedians, then Writers, in that order. That's it, that's a wrap.  That's all we're doing with me today, because My God Blessing staff is all chroniked out on hip-hop antics, depsite my recommendation NO WRITING WHILE YOURE HIGH, or otherwise, is what I've always told my staff and here it is, 3:30 in the damn morning, we shoot in two days, scratch that one day, and we are doing re-edits, the script is a charade of what it is... \par
\par
I've got to get this copy to the editors by 6am so they can push it out to the staff.  Are you all having a good time?  Good, well I'm not... here give me some of that, is this the "chronic" because I'm side ways with yous People.  Get that shit away from my writers table.  You know where wri000ters block comes from?  When you come to my writing table and your high and I block your suggestions categorically, we're not working with you, you're working with us, got it? So get high on your own time and write cockamini bullshit that makes you feel good and... listen to me, it will be a miracle, no doubt about, because you're talented, do ya hear me kid, you got it? Do it your way and it will be a miracle, albeit a tiny one, maybe, but it will fail to be a greater miracle because I'm not in it, as the Spooks of Comedy infiltrate you, and listen to me, they will because I'll pray to my ancestors and they will send the barks of Le\'f3n to come forelorn you out of existence, all joking aside... Some will write with you, and others they won't.  I won't.  I can't. I got the studio barking at me, <sayingmockingly> we're shooting on location in 2 DAYS PEOPLE... ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME?  Is disturbing my Peace your goal?  Because it's working, I've slept 8 hours all friggin' week and I'm freenzied, High Anxiety and Nervousness turning into numbness.... I'm checked out, and seeing all of yous, relaxed and aloof right now, makes me know I'm going to be Royalty fucked, pardon my language, in two days, or rather tomorrow.  Do I need to push the production schedule or can yous get your heads clear and help me break this down into constructive bits that we can distribute by 5am, ideally? You know I love all of yous.  Why do you make me the uncool one of the group with this adolecence non-sense?  I pay you, I take care of you, I let you be who you are, because I love you and you get it, don't abuse me.  But the studio, doesn't understand that, and listen to me, I'm the studio.  Get it?  We have a budget, amply funded mind you, and we are already over budget because we are out of time.  Do you know what that means?  And yes fine, I can get more money.  You know what I can't get, fresh writers by tomorrow, nor do I want to... I WILL... but I can't, so let's just be pals about this and agree to agree with me?  Clean up the script, yes?  I appreciate where you guys and ladies and inbetweeners are coming from, but we are looking for mass appeal here and our focus groups found the script alienating and vuglar.\par
\par
\par
DICE\par
Eh, I thought <taught> it was no forelorning while your high\par
nothing  \par
\par
Dice: If yous think about it, the ambassadors of two rival "tribes" fighting over turf, had to be witty, charming, and willing and and able to beat that ass, but I digress.   \par
\par
\par
\par
In Lovreton there is but two tween fourty six seventy two thirty six fourteen eighteen weightless \par
\par
\par
Patrice:  In the beginning, there was the Clue Klux Claindestined, and it was scary as hell and dangerous to be a black performer saying provactive shit in a small night club in some remote village in Mississippi\par
\par
\par
}
 